Alleging that Modi has not fulfilled any of the announcements made for farmers before coming to power at the centre three years back , Ajaykumar said because of the governments neglect , as many as 35 farmers are taking their lives every day .
Additional district magistrate Ajaykumar said , we have already written to the insurance company to disburse the actual crop insurance money to the farmers .
Asserting that the interests of farmers will be protected , Ajitpawar , who also holds finance portfolio , said , the state government will do nothing that will adversely affect farmers in Maharashtra .
, Ajitpawar had said in an insensitive comment at Indapur near Pune on Saturday that set off a controversy in the state reeling under severe drought .
B'Amid clamour for his resignation over the controversial remarks on drought , Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajitpawar today said any decision on the issue would be taken only after consulting party legislators .
) asked if he was not ruling out the possibility of a Post-Poll alliance with anyone if needed , Akhileshyadav said : I still want to say that the farmers , women and the youth have supported the Samajwadi party .
Up chief minister Akhileshyadav said here that his party would not support the GST bill without ascertaining if its passage would result in any financial loss to the state Exchequer .
Asks Akhileshlucknow , Feb 26 , 2017 , PTI : 21:03 Isttaking on prime minister Narendra Modi over his poll promises , chief minister Akhileshyadav today asked why he was waiting for the results of the Uttar Pradesh election to waive farmers ' loans .
Attacking the centre over currency ban , Akhileshyadav said it was not only that the people who suffered due to Demonetisation , note ban had hit the countrys economy equally hard .
Agreeing to the fact that Jan Dhan accounts had been misused by high and mighty to convert their black money into white , Akhileshyadav said even his government was against such corruption .
I fail to understand it ) , said Akhileshyadav while trying to bring home the point that the BJP had used Demonetisation as a tool to Befool people in the name of checking black money and curbing corruption .
While announcing RS 2 lakh compensation for the families of Demonetisation victims , chief minister Akhileshyadav on Wednesday said the government would give RS 5 lakh to the family members of the woman who Immolated herself after allegedly failing to exchange scrapped currency notes in Aligarh district .
Without mentioning the Modi 's speech at Kushinagar , where he also criticised the SP government for not implementing centre 's farmer welfare schemes , Akhileshyadav said the Modi government has failed to fulfill its promises for Agra .
Chief minister Akhileshyadav had announced financial assistance of RS 2 lakh for kin of economically backward families who die while waiting in queues at ATMs or banks .
Jo Kataarein ATM Ke Bahar Lagi Hai wo polling booth Ke Bahar Lagegi ( polling booths will see long queues like ones outside ATMs now , Akhileshyadav told PTI in an interview .
A minister who does not connect with the woes of the farmers had no business holding the portfolio , Amarindersingh said in a statement released in Chandigarh on Sunday .
The farmers are suffering as a result of the central government 's failure to waive their debts , which many state governments , including Punjab , have sought , Amarindersingh said .
Chandigarh : trashing the union as a Jumla , Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh on Friday said it was a hogwash , which had nothing for farmers and youths but would burden the common man .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh said the project would help in addressing the problem of the environmental pollution due to stubble burning besides providing additional income to farmers by helping turn the unmanageable Agro-Waste into raw material for producing bio fuel .
Flanked by Punjab Pradesh Congress committee president and MP Sunil Jakhar and local bodies minister Navjot Singh Sidhu , Amarindersingh said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon .
The decision was also evaluated by the J-Pal South Asia and the World Bank following the announcement of the project , chief minister Capt Amarindersingh had claimed that the project would encourage farmers to save power and water and would also help in crop diversification and result in accurate energy accounting and curbing wasteful consumption .
Various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in Punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most Badly-Hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme , Amarindersingh said and criticised opposition parties and some Kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers .
Capt Amarindersingh , who met Congress president Rahul Gandhi earlier in the day , said prime minister Narendra Modis allegations on the Punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect .
Chandigarh : chief minister Amarindersingh on Wednesday announced waiver of the state governments 50 share in the goods and services tax ( GST ) on community kitchen ( Langar ) at Golden Temple , Durgiana temple , Bhagwan Valmiki Tirath and key shrines of the other communities .
On a clarification sought by Bjps Som Prakash , Amarindersingh said there would be similar waiver on the GST on Langar or Prasad for Durgiana Mandir and Bhagwan Valmiki Tirath Sthal .
Addressing a gathering after distributing Farm-Debt waiver certificates at his ancestral village , Mehraj , Amarindersingh said influential politicians and officials would also be taken to task if they were found involved in cases of sacrilege and police firing the arrest of the former SSP turned into a talking point at the event .
Capt Amarindersingh , who met Congress president Rahul Gandhi earlier in the day , said prime minister Narendra Modis allegations on the Punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect .
On claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists , Amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers .
After being the nation 's food bowl for almost four decades , captain Amarindersingh said that time has come to move beyond agriculture .
In a press statement , Amarindersingh said he trashed Sukhbirs comments on the loan waiver announced by the Congress in Punjab and other states as political theatrics .
Slamming him for trying to exploit the sentiments of the farmers , to whom the former regime had failed to deliver even an iota of benefits , Capt Amarindersingh said the former deputy cm was trying to mislead the farming community in a desperate bid to wean it away from the Congress .
Mohali : after being the countrys food bowl for four decades , time has come for Punjab to move beyond agriculture , says chief minister captain Amarindersingh speaking at toi event Mohali : the next big it hub here on Tuesday , the CM said that agriculture had its place in the economy but there was a need to explore the other avenues as well for creating job opportunities in Punjab .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh said , when farmers , who feed the nation , are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition , then it does not augur well for the country .
On the issue of agricultural debt relief , while his government had already announced a package of RS 8000 crores for over ten lakh small and marginal farming households , there was need for a comprehensive package and assistance from the centre , said Amarindersingh , urging for a one-time debt waiver to help out the farming community .
Contrary to what the Badals are trying to project with their misleading propaganda , the fact is that Capt Amarindersingh has categorically said the debts of farmers in Punjab will be waived off once he comes to power , the Ppcc leaders said .
In Punjab 's context , Amarindersingh said the agriculture sector , which was largely dependent on cash transactions , had been hit hard , along with the informal sector .
Pointing out that 10 lakh acres of land , farmed by 2 lakh farmer families and supported by another 2 lakh agricultural labourers depended on agriculture in Punjab , Amarindersingh said implementation of the Syl verdict would finish them all .
Captain Amarindersingh , who was part of the Congress delegation led by Partys national vice president Rahul Gandhi , said farmers , burdened with loans , were committing suicide in Punjab and other parts of the country .
Reacting to union finance minister Arun Jaitleys claim that the Post-Demonetisation situation in the country would stabilise in another two to three weeks , Amarindersingh said he did not see the situation improving even in the next one year .
Though high yielding maize hybrids , coupled with increase in area under maize cultivation , holds great promise , the same is not viable for the farmers in the absence of assured procurement at MSP , said captain Amarindersingh , seeking financial support from the centre for farmers compelled to sell their maize produce at a price lower than the MSP .
Assuring that his government was duty-bound to fulfill every promise made to the people in its election manifesto , Amarindersingh said the state had approached the union government for the loan waiver .
While welcoming former AAP leader Dr Daljit Singh in the party , Amarindersingh said , `` he wanted to fight the chief minister on his home turf of Lambi as he wanted to defeat all the top Akali leaders responsible for destroying the state through their drugs , Mafia and Goonda Raj , and guilty of ruining its trade , industry and agriculture .
Punjab Congress president captain Amarindersingh says the RBI orders prohibiting cooperative banks from Exchanging/Accepting old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes are to blame for the state of affairs in rural Punjab .
Chandigarh : Punjab Congress president Capt Amarindersingh on Sunday said the party will move the court over the Demonetisation related deaths , even as he extended his full support to the proposed strike by the industries over the issue on December 16 .
Extending his support to the Chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings ( Cicu ) , Ludhiana , Amarindersingh said the impact of Demonetisation on the States industries , already in the doldrums because of the Badal governments antagonistic policies , had been devastating .
The mounting farm debts was making the agriculture in Punjab increasingly unsustainable , endangering not only the food security of the nation but also the social fabric of this sensitive border state , said Amarindersingh , citing the pioneering role of Punjab in the production of foodgrain and thereby in national food security .
Our government has made it clear that no bank will initiate Kurki of farmers property to recover the outstanding debt , Amarindersingh told the house .
Later , talking to media persons , Amarindersingh said the state government will compensate the farmers if the centre does not meet their demand for withdrawal of value cut on the minimum support price ( MSP ) in the procurement of wheat due to damage to crops by unseasonal rain .
The Bjp-Led government at the centre has been meting out Step-Motherly treatment to Punjabs farmers in a bid to undermine the Congress government in the state , said Amarindersingh , citing the centres decision to divert gunny bags to Haryana and imposition of value cut on MSP for the wheat procured under the relaxed specifications in the state during the Rabi season in 2019-20 .
In a letter to the PM , Amarindersingh said the total farm debt in Punjab is more than RS 80,000 crore , including the crop loans of RS 12,500 in the cooperative sector .
Asked about farm loan waiver , a key Pre-Poll promise of the Punjab Congress , Amarindersingh said he was fully committed to implementing the same and would ensure that adequate funds are released for it .
Captain Amarindersingh says , NRI money has come in despite Demonetisation through some channels , but , I am more concerned with the ideology of the extreme left and the Khalistanis who are supporting the AAP .
During the meeting held at the Punjab Bhawan here , cm Amarindersingh said officials should make all-out efforts to ensure timely and full procurement of every single grain from farmers , who had suffered a harrowing time last year due to an ill-conceived agricultural policy of the erstwhile Sad-Bjp government .
This is my assurance to you ( farmers ) , Amarindersingh said .
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir , Punjab Congress chief captain Amarindersingh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims , note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan .
In a statement issued here , Amarindersingh said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake RS 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi .
Apart from continuing incursions from across the border , there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86 old currency getting frozen overnight following the Demonetisation , said Amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for , new currency .
Its better late than never , said the Cmearlier in March , Amarindersingh announced waiver of the state governments 50 share in the GST on Langar at the Golden Temple , Durgiana temple , Bhagwan Valmiki Tirath and key shrines of the other communities .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh on Saturday said he is committed to farm loan waiver and his government would soon find ways and means to bail out the debt-ridden farmers -- with or without the centres aid .
However , the Badals , with their selective memory , had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue , Amarindersingh said , adding that the Akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements .
Interacting with the IIT students , Amarindersingh said he has directed the state administration to make their boarding and lodging arrangements at the Punjab Bhawan and Kisan Bhawan in Chandigarh till the time Institute is closed .
Chief minister Capt Amarindersingh on Monday said the state government will allow the farmers in Punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of June 20 , as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community .
Pointing out that a special crop loss assessment report was already being prepared to assess crop damage due to rain , Amarindersingh said losses due to fire caused by any other reason will be compensated from the CMS relief fund .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh ( Pti/File ) Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh ( Pti/File ) Punjab chief minister captain Amarindersingh on Friday said his government would soon announce its decision on farm debt waiver based on the recommendations of the T Haq expert committee , which is scheduled to submit its report shortly .
In response to a question , Amarindersingh said his government , which had inherited a bankrupt Punjab , had made a good start with the farm loan waiver and employment generation schemes .
The cm also accused union minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal of failing to protect Punjabs and the farmers interests at the centre she did not raise her voice even though the BJP government at the centre failed to take any steps in the budget for the farming community , Amarindersingh said , pointing out that the NDA government had failed to implement the Swaminathan report , which was the only way to help farmers boost their income and bring the agriculture sector out of the doldrums into which it had been plunged .
Interacting with farmers during Pagri Sambaal Kisaana , a programme of Jat Maha Sabha , in Faridkot , Amarindersingh said : white is unlucky for Punjab .
Though high yielding maize hybrids , coupled with increase in area under maize cultivation , holds great promise , the same is not viable for the farmers in the absence of assured procurement at MSP , said captain Amarindersingh , seeking financial support from the centre for farmers compelled to sell their maize produce at a price lower than the MSP .
We will not let a factory ( power plant ) come up here until and unless farmers are paid compensation as per the coming Bill of parliament , Amarindersingh said , while accusing Badals of speeding up the acquisitions for personal gains .
When a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers can not relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight , one can well imagine which way the country is headed , Amarindersingh said .
Questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers , Amarindersingh asked , if a bankrupt state like Punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver , why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme ?
Whatever the reasons and the circumstances , the GST should have been allowed to be introduced in parliament in the monsoon session to facilitate the way for its eventual passage , Amarindersingh said in a statement on Friday .
However , the Badals , with their selective memory , had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue , Amarindersingh said , adding that the Akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements .
The Badal father-son duo seems to be suffering from selective hearing and amnesia , said Amarindersingh on Friday , reacting to the Badals allegation that he had backtracked on his farm loan waiver promise .
Punjab cm captain Amarindersingh ( file photo ) Punjab cm captain Amarindersingh ( file photo ) the state level bankers committee of Punjab Friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets ( Npas ) .
Admitting that it was not enough , Amarindersingh said total farm loan was RS 60,000 crore and Punjab can not pay this much .
( source : file photo ) Punjab Congress chief Amarindersingh said on Saturday that if his party is voted to power in the 2017 assembly elections , it will work out a permanent solution for settling the farm debt so that no farmer is forced to take extreme steps like suicide .
I know it is a difficult task , but I have taken it as a challenge because we cant keep on watching our farmers kill themselves without doing anything , Amarindersingh said , adding , it is a tragedy that those who fed the whole nation are being left to die in debt and we need to do something .
On the cooperative departments appeal to the government to expedite the loan waiver , Amarindersingh said the commission set up by his government to ascertain the quantum of farm loans in the state and to work out the modalities for their waiver would soon come out with its recommendations in Thematter .
The commission set up to ascertain the farm debt quantum and to work out modalities for its waiver was expected to come out with its report soon , to pave the way for total waiver of the farmers loans , to which he was personally committed , Amarindersingh said .
Bharataiya Janata Party president Amitshah said on Friday that the Demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians .
Modi government will tackle black money issue : Amitshah Delhi , may 26 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 11:23 Istthe Narendra Modi-Led central government is determined to tackle the black money issue , BJP president Amitshah said here on Tuesday .
The Modi government is determined to tackle the black money issue , said Amitshah while addressing the media on the completion of one year of NDA government .
On relief measures for the middle class , Arunjaitley said that in the last five years , not a single tax has been increased , GST has been brought down on most commodities , and income tax relief has been provided .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Bengaluru : the goods and services tax , to be rolled out in just over a month , will not only check evasions but also help India evolve as a more Tax-Compliant society , finance minister Arunjaitley said here on Monday .
Beyond that as the central government , I have nothing to say , Arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will help states on the issue of farm loan waivers .
The then finance minister Arunjaitley had told Rajya Sabha in response to a question on December 18 , 2018 that according to information available three officials of state bank of India and one of its customers died during the period of Demonetisation .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today said the states are not in favour of including petrol and diesel into GST at the moment , ruling out any immediate Levy of the new indirect tax on these petroleum products .
But I am sure as the GST experience moves on , I think , natural gas , real estate -- these are areas which are to be brought in and then probably at some stage we will keep trying for petrol , diesel and potable alcohol , Arunjaitley said .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the taxpayers with an aggregate turnover of RS 40 lakh would now be exempted from the GST .
As revenue secretary , Adhia 's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax Egime , evolving a Centre-States consensus on the multiple GST laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of July 1 , 2017 for the GST roll-out , Arunjaitley said .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said there is constitutional compulsion to roll out GST by September 16 , 2017 .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arunjaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Digital payments are the future of financial transactions , Arunjaitley said at the Punjab National Bank app launching ceremony held here .
Responding to a question of the power of the comptroller and audit general under GST , Arunjaitley said , CAG is already empowered to seek clarification from the state under CAG act , the issue did come up and it was agreed that since the law exists there is no need to for separate laws .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today said the goods and service tax ( GST ) has stabilised in a very short time that provides an opportunity to widen its base and further rationalise the rates in the future .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Arunjaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies .
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks , but that can not be an alibi that India continues to live ( with black money and parallel economy ) , Arunjaitley said .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Friday said the number of income taxpayers can double to almost 12 crore with increased Formalisation of the economy .
Vijayawada/Hyderabad : with parliament passing the GST bill in the Just-Concluded session , Union finance minister Arunjaitley has now asked Andhra Pradesh and Telangana to ensure its early ratification .
Further , GST will broaden the tax base , and result in better tax compliance due to a robust it infrastructure , Arunjaitley said .
New Delhi : the Reserve Bank was fully prepared to deal with currency shortages post Demonetisation and has enough currency in its chests to last far beyond December 30 , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Pointing out that a few days ago the finance minister Arunjaitley had said the economic decline had nothing to do with Demonetisation , Rahul said the entire world is saying the Demonetisation has wrecked Indian economy .
Buttressing his point , Arunjaitley said that the services and financial sectors , which normally grow at around 9-10 per cent , had a fall in growth even before Demonetisation was announced .
In this context , Arunjaitley said Demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy , which has been eliminated .
The council will meet again on January 3-4 and will discuss the contentious issue of Cross-Empowerment , the only main issue that is lacking consensus , said finance minister Arunjaitley adding that the next session will also see the Cgst and Sgst laws being framed in legal language and placed before the States .
So , if I were to list the residual issues left for the next meeting , then they are the interstate GST law , the issues of dual control and cross empowerment , and the approval of the legally vetted language , Arunjaitley said .
When asked whether the GST could be rolled out from April one , 2017 , Arunjaitley said , I am trying my best .
The rates would be the big item to discuss and after that we will go on to draft rules of GST law , said Arunjaitley , adding that the discussion was inconclusive and therefore it will continue in the next meeting on 18th ( October ) .
On the timing of GST implementation , Arunjaitley said the government could not have postponed it as there was a constitutional deadline .
The GST council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the GST Council .
New Delhi : pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states , finance minister Arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from April next year .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley today in his talk on note ban to NDTV said that security printing of currency is a time-consuming exercise , however , RBI is calibrating release of currency .
Gst has to be implemented latest by September 16 , 2017 , and if it is not implemented by then , then states will not be able to collect their share of taxes , and hence there is not enough scope to further delay the decision , Arunjaitley said while inaugurating the two-day economic editors conference , so far the government has been successful to resolve most of the major issues through consensus , Arunjaitley said , adding we have already sorted out 10 issues .
There is no proposal currently to make the use of Aadhaar mandatory under the scheme , finance minister Arunjaitley said in a written reply in Lok Sabha on February 2 .
By Ptinew Delhi : buoyed by GST collections exceeding RS 1 lakh crore in April , finance minister Arunjaitley today said it is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity .
Gst collections in April exceeding RS 1 lakh crore is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity as brought out by other reports , Arunjaitley said in a Tweet .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
3 , Arunjaitley told reporters , but did not clarify whether the country could meet the self-imposed deadline of April 1 for the launch of goods and services tax , the country 's most ambitious tax reform as yet .
Bengaluru : the goods and services tax , to be rolled out in just over a month , will not only check evasions but also help India evolve as a more Tax-Compliant society , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a 'New normal ' for the country 's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency , Arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Gandhi said finance minister Arunjaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the Demonetisation .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley could announce tax incentives for individuals and firms to boost consumer demand , amid lingering uncertainty over the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax , said one of the officials .
| Reutersnew Delhi : India will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters on Tuesday , as part of the government 's fight against the cash economy .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicates , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
Aadhaar is a game changer , Arunjaitley said .
The monies saved through Aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere , Arunjaitley said .
The upa legislation , Arunjaitley said , was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the UID would be used .
The judgement of the Supreme Court added balance to the concept of Aadhaar , Arunjaitley said .
While acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post December 30 , Arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before November 8 , when Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the so-called Demonetisation .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today said it is not possible to have one GST rate as the country has vast disparities , but assured investors that government will undertake further reforms after improvement in tax compliance standards .
On the compliance burden of the GST , Arunjaitley said it was a little heavy but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department .
Wheat , rice , sugar ca n't be taxed at the same rate as a Mercedes car or a yacht or tobacco , finance minister Arunjaitley had said while ruling out the possibility of a single GST rate .
On the recalibration of ATMs for dispensing new design currency notes , Arunjaitley said , it would take two to three weeks , since the present machines are designed to dispense only RS 100 , RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
In remarks apparently aimed at former Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan , who Friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with Demonetisation for lower GDP growth , Arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited Disruptionist impact of the tax reform .
Within the first year of GST implementation , Arunjaitley said the number of people who registered for GST has gone up by 74 per cent and government has also been able to bring down tax rates for as many as 334 commodities than previous levels .
By Ptinew Delhi : going forward , as tax revenues significantly increase , India will have GST slabs of 0 per cent , 5 per cent and a standard rate between 12-18 per cent for commonly-used items , finance minister Arunjaitley said Monday .
In a Facebook post titled 'Eighteen months of GST ' , Arunjaitley said , of the 1,216 commodities which are used , broadly 183 are taxed at zero rates , 308 at 5 per cent , 178 at 12 per cent and 517 at 18 per cent .
The country should eventually have a GST which will have only slabs of zero , 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception , Arunjaitley said .
Crediting Adhia efforts on the GST rollout , Arunjaitley said in his blog that it was his efforts supported by his team of officers of centre and state governments , which made it possible to hit the deadline of July 1 , 2017 .
Those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder , Arunjaitley said .
Stressing that Demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy , Arunjaitley said , this ( the move ) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned .
I will still keep my fingers crossed , Arunjaitley told media persons after the GST council meet here .
Washington : India continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world and its growth will accelerate further due to factors like the implementation of GST , finance minister Arunjaitley said .
Talking about the new indirect tax regime , Arunjaitley said the government is fully on course to implement the goods and services tax ( GST ) by July 1 .
New Delhi : issuing a veiled warning , finance minister Arunjaitley today said one can not convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them .
In a Facebook post on the second anniversary of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said in first four years of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6 .
Special : experience the first 50 days after Demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from Tnieterming the criticism , that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , as ill-informed , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post Demonetisation .
New Delhi , Aug 8 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 18:09 Istimplementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) will reduce tax evasion and improve ease of doing business by engendering a common market throughout the country , finance minister Arunjaitley said today as he moved the modified constitution amendment bill in the Lok Sabha .
On the vexed question of GST rate which may have implications for inflation , Arunjaitley said it would be decided by the GST Council , which will comprise representatives of centre and states .
Simultaneously the GST council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states , Arunjaitley said .
However , finance minister Arunjaitley said the Pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme ( IDs ) and Demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal .
Recently , finance minister Arunjaitley had said that all efforts are being made to bring to book those who have been named in the HSBC bank list of black money holders and there are evidence against them .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the capping of CESs was done at a higher rate only to give the goods and services tax council more headroom in the future if there was a need to increase them .
As per the constitutional allocation of powers , the central government has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income , Arunjaitley said in a statement .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad .
On the goods and service tax ( GST ) bill , Arunjaitley said the Congress was dissenting on their own bill .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley has said that the fitment will begin immediately after the March 31 , GST council meeting which will pass the last bunch of rules required for the roll out .
New Delhi , Mar 29 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 14:08 Istallaying apprehension of spike in prices of goods and commodities after the roll out of the GST , finance minister Arunjaitley today said the tax rates will be kept at the current levels so as not to have any inflationary impact .
Introducing four bills to give effect to the goods and services tax ( GST ) , Arunjaitley said the legislations will have to be passed by parliament and one by each of the state assemblies to turn India into one market with a single tax rate .
Dubai , Nov 16 , 2015 ( PTI ) 19:08 Istfinance minister Arunjaitley today said the government would make all efforts to persuade the opposition for the passage of constitution amendment bill for implementation of GST in the winter session .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley too had said late last week that he saw no reason to postpone GST roll out .
When referred to the leakage of Aadhaar details of cricketer M s Dhoni , Arunjaitley said it was the result of an immature act by somebody in Ranchi against whom action has been taken .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley , however , said that GST compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base .
On the compliance burden of the GST , Arunjaitley said it was a little heavy , but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department .
New Delhi , Apr 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 17:44 Istthe Long-Pending goods and services tax ( GST ) bill was today moved in the Lok Sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties , even as finance minister Arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear .
Commending the bill for consideration and passage , Arunjaitley said : GST is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned .
As regards the compensation to the states on account of any possible loss of revenue following implementation of the GST , Arunjaitley said there will be 100 per cent compensation in first three years , 75 per cent in the fourth year and 50 per cent in the fifth year .
Insisting that states have nothing to fear , Arunjaitley said , the structure of the GST council is such that states have the veto power .
This law will enable confiscation of Benami property and provide for prosecution , thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of Benami property , especially in real estate , Arunjaitley had said .
Pti file Photoa day after data showed Indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
Dh news service , New Delhi , Jun 4 2017 , 1:19 Istgovt confident of July 1 GST Rolloutgold and silver will be taxed at 3 under the goods and services tax regime , finance ministry Arunjaitley announced after a meeting of the GST Council on Saturday .
The 5 GST on readymade garments below RS 1,000 would benefit the public , being a mass consumption item , Arunjaitley said .
All states have agreed on the rollout of GST from that date , Arunjaitley said .
Beyond that as the central government , I have nothing to say , Arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will intervene on the issue of farm loan waivers and related protests .
July 1 now optimistically looks like the implementation date for GST , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters after a day-long meeting with his state counterparts at the GST Council .
Asked whether the central GST and the integrated GST bills would come up before parliament during the winter session , Arunjaitley said , that is the effort .
Making Drought-Proofing a priority area , Arunjaitley said as many as 28 .
In a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price , Arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement , undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of India and making arrangements for procurement of pulses , an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far .
Ready to talk to Cong on GST : Jaitleynew Delhi , Nov 5 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:19 Istfinance minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said introduction of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , is only a question of time and he is ready to meet Congress leaders to resolve a parliamentary deadlock .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the GST council meeting on Monday made a significant headway and the issue of Cross-Empowerment or dual control was resolved .
On GST , Arunjaitley said if there is an intention to resolve all can be resolved .
It clearly indicates that our target to integrate black money economy with the formal economy is happening , Arunjaitley said .
Shrinking Cong strength in RS will make GST happen : Jaitleynew Delhi , DEC 30 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:37 Isthitting back at Congress party 's Trinity remarks , finance minister Arunjaitley today said gods do n't vote in parliament , and GST will happen as the strength of main opposition party is shrinking in the Rajya Sabha .
In view of the unrelenting attitude of the Congress on the GST issue , finance minister Arunjaitley said , keeping this political reality in mind , cabinet committee on political affairs ( Ccpa ) decided to recommend to President to Prorogue monsoon session .
On whether the government will be able to stick to the deadline of April 1 , 2016 for rolling out the GST , Arunjaitley said , your guess is as good as mine .
India growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context , finance minister Arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter GDP print can not be attributed to Demonetisation alone .
There was some slowdown visible given the global and domestic situation even prior to Demonetisation in the last year , Arunjaitley said while addressing media on completion of three years of the Modi government .
Commenting on the stalemate in parliament , finance minister Arunjaitley said yesterday that there were many issues like floods and agricultural issues which Rajya Sabha members wanted to raise .
Terming the 2013 land Bill brought by upa as one that was against rural areas and farmers , Arunjaitley said the 2015 Bill sought to remove its shortcomings .
Months of meetings before note ban : Jaitleyfeb 8 , 2017 , New Delhi , Dhns 1:31 Istdemonetisation was not an easy decision for the government and it took several months and a number of closed-door meetings to decide on the note ban , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Tuesday .
Ex-Pm should advice Cong to change stand on GST : Jaitleynew Delhi , Feb 14 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:46 Istif Manmohan Singh is a real statesman , he should advice Congress not to press for GST that provides tariff in Constitution , finance minister Arunjaitley has said .
Both the parliamentary affairs minister and myself have discussed the GST with every senior Congress leader in parliament , Arunjaitley said , asking whether Congress insistence on constitutional cap for GST was politically motivated .
Gst scheduled for July 1 Rolloutthe goods and services tax ( GST ) is on schedule for implementation from July 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Monday .
Bulk of black money still in India : Jaitleynew Delhi , Oct 05 , 2015 , Dhns 1:36 Istfm outlines measures to check Itafter a clampdown on overseas unaccounted wealth and assets , finance minister Arunjaitley on Sunday said the bulk of black money is still within India .
The animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said at a press conference , adding , this is the only effect of the notification .
There was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to Demonetisation in the last year , Arunjaitley said .
Stating that the GST rollout is a matter of time , Arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the Congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is Reform-Oriented .
On what should be the rate of GST , Arunjaitley said : the lower the better .
Tokyo , press trust of India may 8 2017 , 12:01 Istthe goods and services tax ( GST ) is on schedule for implementation Fromjuly 1And will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Addressing Cii-Kotak investors ' round table here , Arunjaitley said that the GST Council , headed by him and comprising representatives of all states , will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime Fromjuly 1 .
Now , the idea of GST was that let there be just one tax in the country , Arunjaitley said .
Gst with a far more efficient system , Arunjaitley said , that will increase trade , tax collection and improve ease of doing business .
When American President Barack Obama fought his first election ( 2008 ) , he had taken only small donations through digital payments , Arunjaitley said .
Defending government 's decision to Demonetise RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash .
Press trust of India , New Delhi , Jun 1 2017 , 19:02 Istthe animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said , adding that 'This is the only effect of the notification .
Fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown Fearsnew Delhi , Jan 9 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 13:42 Istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to Demonetisation , finance minister Arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the April-December period , indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing .
Tax collection data is real and not an estimation , Arunjaitley said , while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post Demonetisation .
The decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the special investigation team on black money that was set up by the Supreme Court , Arunjaitley said while presenting union budget 2017-18 in parliament .
Billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion , Arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard .
As the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms , Arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and Semi-Urban areas through post offices , fair price shops and banking correspondents .
Govt wo n't go soft on pursuit of black money : Jaitleynew Delhi , SEP 9 , 2015 , PTI : 12:51 Istrefusing to relent on the pursuit of black money , finance minister Arunjaitley today said the government will not go soft on bringing unaccounted wealth back into the formal system .
The black money problem , Arunjaitley said , is a problem confined to few individuals .
Black money bill to be taken up in parliament next week : Fmnew Delhi , May 1 , 2015 ( PTI ) 13:19 Istfinance minister Arunjaitley today said the government will next week take up for consideration the new black money bill in the Lok Sabha to effectively deal with the menace of unaccounted wealth stashed abroad .
The panel today also cleared the State-Gst ( S-Gst ) and union territory GST ( Ut-Gst ) legislations , Arunjaitley said while briefing reporters on the deliberations at the 12th meeting of the all-powerful GST Council .
The GST council has already approved five sets of rules and regulations relating to registration , payments , refund , invoice and returns , Arunjaitley said , adding there are four others -- composition , valuation , input tax credit and transitions -- which now require a formal approval .
'A day after the GST bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill , finance minister Arunjaitley on Thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the GST since the last years budget session .
Gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the GST Council .
In GST , there is no centralised exemption but if a state wants , it can refund the state GST for promoting regional cinema , Arunjaitley said .
Annapurna Singh , New Delhi , DH news service may 2 2017 , 14:20 Ista day after data showed India 's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
Replying to the seven-hour-long debate , finance minister Arunjaitley said the GST , which will usher in a uniform indirect tax regime in the country , will make commodities slightly cheaper .
On the impact of GST on prices , Arunjaitley said : today you have tax on tax , you have cascading effect .
On why the council has decided on multiple GST rates , Arunjaitley said one rate would be highly regressive as Hawai Chappal and BMW can not be taxed at the same rate .
We would like to focus all our resources to bringing back black money to the books , Arunjaitley said .
Talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance , Arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach .
Devoting considerable attention to Demonetisation and its aftereffects , Arunjaitley said the surplus liquidity in the banking system created by the note ban decision will lower borrowing cost and increase access to credit .
During an election rally in Varanasi on Thursday , Arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments .
On the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash , as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media .
Explaining why the government decided to go for Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said if people had to buy property , they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque , and such immoral practices continued .
During the budget debate in the parliament , finance minister Arunjaitley too had said that the demand for perishables had been affected due to Demonetisation .
Though finance minister Arunjaitley had said he was not averse to consulting Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on the GST and other issues , Congress leaders claimed that no one from the government had approached them .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural India 's issues , even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural India and agriculture is not populism .
Inflation under check ; global economy , agri a challenge : Fmnew Delhi , may 23 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 14:05 Istfinance minister Arunjaitley today said inflation has been brought under control in the past one year but global economy and agrarian situation as well as domestic investments pose challenge to the Indian economy .
Speaking at the annual general meeting of Ficci last week , finance minister Arunjaitley had said a delayed GST is better than a flawed GST .
Hope to take GST legislations to parliament this session : Fmnew Delhi , Feb 3 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 19:12 Istkeen to rollout the goods and services tax by July , the government plans to take the supporting legislations to parliament next month , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
The upa allies like the Rjd , the NCP and the Jd-U are openly supporting it , Arunjaitley said , adding that even the Congress-Ruled States are for GST .
Clarifying that economic legislation is not about BJP versus all , Arunjaitley said it would be very good if the constitutional amendment bill to roll out GST is passed by consensus .
Presenting his first full-year budget , Arunjaitley said the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals is to enacting a new law to effectively deal with the problem of black money which eats into the vitals of our economy and society .
This law will enable confiscation of Benami property and provide for prosecution , thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of Benami property , especially in real estate , Arunjaitley said .
Gst will put in place a state-of-the-art indirect tax system by April 1 , 2016 , Arunjaitley said on Saturday .
On ways to prevent black money menace in the future , Arunjaitley said the global community is moving towards automatic exchange of information .
On bilateral treaties on black money , Arunjaitley said he had sent a delegation recently to Switzerland .
See the rationale behind passing GST , Arunjaitley said at a conclave here .
Agri credit raised to record RS 10 lakh CR in Fy18New Delhi , Feb 1 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 12:19 Istin a major thrust to agriculture , finance minister Arunjaitley today announced a whopping RS 1 lakh crore hike in the credit target for the next fiscal to RS 10 lakh crore as part of the government 's efforts to double farm incomes in the next five years .
The target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of RS 10 lakh crore , Arunjaitley said in his budget speech .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the GST exemption limit for the northeastern States is being doubled to RS 20 lakh .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the GST exemption limit for the northeastern States is being doubled to RS 20 lakh .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Monday said the government could look at merging the 12 per cent and 18 per cent slabs in the GST structure and taking cement off the top bracket of 28 per cent .
The impact of the Demonetisation and the GST is well behind us , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday after the numbers were announced .
We have decided to hold an informal meeting on November 20 to take a final view , finance minister Arunjaitley said after a meeting of the GST council in New Delhi , where state finance ministers were present .
On the eve of the first anniversary of the November 8 Demonetisation of 500- and 1000-Rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then , Arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy , ending anonymity of cash , bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said Demonetisation resulted in Formalisation of economy and increased tax base , prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development .
In a Facebook post on the second anniversary of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said in first four years of the National Democratic alliance government , the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6 .
Terming the criticism , that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , as ill-informed , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
One is healthcare and one is agriculture , Arunjaitley said at a health conference organised by the CII .
The Demonetisation exercise , which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector , will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections , Arunjaitley said in the Lok Sabha on Thursday .
To obviate any confusion on the subject , I categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income , Arunjaitley said in a statement .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said on Wednesday he is hopeful of rolling out the biggest tax reform GST from July 1 that will make goods and services cheaper and tax evasion difficult .
Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said , will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy , and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the GDP and make it cleaner .
The laws which enable this ( GST ) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned , Arunjaitley said .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said the four bills that are crucial for the rollout of the goods and service tax ( GST ) will be introduced in the Lok Sabha by early next week and the rate structure would be worked out after March .
When farmers talk about loan waiver , ( finance minister ) Arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it .
The contraction in industrial production in December as per the latest data is the fallout of Demonetisation and expansion is expected in the coming months , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Friday .
This is the Demonetisation period and compared to November , December was more challenging for the reason that in many areas old currency was allowed to operate , Arunjaitley told CNBC Tv18 in an interview .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues .
Since the banking industry will also be liable to pay the goods and services tax ( GST ) , in the afternoon session the bankers will meet revenue secretary Hasmukh Adhia and other officials of certain departments of governments , Arunjaitley said .
As part of the operation clean money launched on January 31 , 2017 , Arunjaitley said the I-T department would leverage technology and data analysis for E-Verification of cash deposits made during the Demonetisation period .
Again , in response to Shekhars query on why the government does not waive off loans for farmers as it has done for corporate houses , Arunjaitley said the government has not waived off loans to corporate houses .
A shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater Formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system , Arunjaitley told parliament .
Talking about the new reforms to check unaccounted money in the political system , Arunjaitley said the proposed electoral bonds will maintain anonymity of donors .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the National Democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month , a top official familiar with the matter said .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Saturday said that the goods and services tax ( GST ) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the GST constitutional amendment .
The number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Justifying Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy , and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the GDP and make it cleaner .
The laws which enable this ( GST ) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned , Arunjaitley said .
In respect of private banks , Arunjaitley said : Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note ( SBN ) during the phase of Demonetisation .
Speaking at the same event , finance minister Arunjaitley said the revenue department and the Ed had a very important role to play in Indias war against black money .
The last date for GST roll out is September 15 but we are trying it from July , Arunjaitley said .
Indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday , putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022 .
Acknowledging the legitimate expectation of relief in the middle class and cash-only informal sector , Arunjaitley said the budget will help beat the fallout of the governments Demonetisation initiative .
To further bolster the cashless transactions , Arunjaitley said that Sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history .
In his budget speech on Wednesday , Arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team ( sit ) on black money .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said on Wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money , hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of Demonetisation would wear off soon .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley says 60 of the items presently taxed at 32 a composite of the several taxes that GST will be replacing will be reduced at four percentage points less .
Watch video | find out what PM Narendra Modi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionannouncing these measures , finance minister Arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes .
When asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties , Arunjaitley said : can I tell you this would inevitably will be a future course .
I have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the GST stabilises itself , we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden , the then finance minister Arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the Punjab municipal corporation law ( extension to Chandigarh ) amendment Bill 2017 .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the RBI board were present at the November 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to Demonetisation to government .
Replying to a debate in the Rajya Sabha on the Benami transactions ( prohibition ) amendment Bill 2016 , which was later passed by voice vote ( the Lok Sabha had passed it last week ) , Arunjaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley ( file photo ) finance minister Arunjaitley ( file photo ) finance minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income , dismissing the suggestion of Niti Aayog member Bibek Debroy .
Responding to a query on GST implementation , Arunjaitley said he is hopeful of its passage in the monsoon session as most political parties except the Congress are in favour of this historic tax reform .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the RBI board were present at the November 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to Demonetisation to government .
Talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance , Arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley told Rajya Sabha on Tuesday that the Remonetisation process moved smoothly after Demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply , even for a single day .
B'Finance minister Arunjaitley ( Pti/File ) finance minister Arunjaitley ( Pti/File ) finance minister Arunjaitley on Saturday said government may seek voting on GST constitution amendment bill in Rajya Sabha in the monsoon session in case Congress continues to oppose the Long-Pending indirect tax law .
A few days ago , finance minister Arunjaitley had said at a function in Mumbai that the stalling GST was providing sadistic pleasure to some people .
Share this article related article government opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money Billgovernment opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money bill the LPG Puzzlethe LPG puzzle Aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie Pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arun Jaitleyhope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arunjaitley Aadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabha Aadhaar gets statutory status ; centre to bring bill in two Dayswhile wrapping up the debate , Arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised , most speakers have actually supported the bill .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said Nabard provides refinance to approved financial institutions out of the NRC ( long term operation ) fund and NRC ( stabilisation ) fund for undertaking agricultural activities .
B'Cash crunch : finance minister Arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain States is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation .
Cash crunch : finance minister Arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain States is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation .
When you make comments on steps we are taking on black money , please honestly consider your track record , Arunjaitley said attacking the Congress whose vice president had last week alleged in Lok Sabha that the disclosure scheme was fair and lovely to allow conversion of black money into white .
On disclosure of names of black money , Arunjaitley said , we can not make the names of black money holders public at will .
On Tuesday , Arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from CPI ( M ) Rajya Sabha MP C P Narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time , as Arunjaitley had earlier told the house that Demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the RBI .
Non-Ac restaurants will attract a GST of 12 per cent , while the rate for AC restaurants and those with liquor licences will be 18 per cent , finance minister Arunjaitley said .
Reacting to Congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers , Arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue .
Stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money , farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money , said Arunjaitley in Lok Sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes ( cessation of liabilities ) bill , 2017 .
Referring to black money , Arunjaitley said the government is proceeding as per the rulebook , and added making public Defaulters names via a process other than judicial would indirectly benefit those stocking black money abroad .
In respect of private banks , Arunjaitley said : Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note ( SBN ) during the phase of Demonetisation .
Speaking to reporters , Union finance minister Arunjaitley said , tax rate under GST will not go up for any of the commodities .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to Demonetisation since several factors , including the global situation , pulled down the GDP growth to 6 .
Asked if it was now clear that Demonetisation led to lower growth , Arunjaitley said : what you think is very clear is not very clear .
I have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the GST stabilizes itself , we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden , the then finance minister Arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the Punjab municipal corporation law ( extension to Chandigarh ) amendment Bill 2017 .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley ( file ) finance minister Arunjaitley ( file ) soon after finance minister Arunjaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers , the Congress party on Tuesday lashed out at the former , saying the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) must not make promises they can not deliver .
Earlier on Monday , finance minister Arunjaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers , adding that the States must fund for this on their own expense .
The council also agreed to set up a committee comprising officials from centre and states to look into the complaints with regard to the Anti-Profiteering clause that seeks to prevent companies from making undue gains post GST rollout , Arunjaitley said .
Asked about Gandhi making fun of GST during his campaign tour in South Gujarat , Arunjaitley said , I firmly believe he has no understanding of this subject , he has not studied it .
On the issue of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said the Congress government had not initiated any step against black money .
Our overall emphasis has been on faster decisions , bolder decisions , a cleaner economy , freedom from black money , freedom from corruption and a friendly environment for doing business so that the larger returns that come to the economy in terms of taxes can be spent on the poor of this country , Arunjaitley said , adding that it is the prime ministers approach which has been followed in the recently presented budget .
On the dissent by Mitra , Arunjaitley said it was confined to the extent of the 90:10 division between states and the centre , and on other issues , he was in agreement with all other GST council members .
Citing that the whole process will take time till March , Arunjaitley said that July 1 will be a more realistic date to roll out GST .
On the issue of taxation powers in offshore areas , which was raised by states in the previous GST council meeting , Arunjaitley said States will have taxation powers up to 12 nautical miles in offshore areas .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said that the rates of commodities will depend on its consumers , whether rich or common person , but the GST will make them slightly cheaper .
Watch what else is making news : in an apparent reference to criticism of Demonetisation by opposition parties , Arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow .
Calling Demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision , Arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the revision in GST rates was considered after receiving several representations from trade and industry .
Now the normal GST rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced , for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent , so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged , Arunjaitley said .
On the issue of review of GST rate on hybrid cars , a detailed paper will be circulated and , after taking comments from states , it will be taken up by the council later , if necessary , Arunjaitley said .
The animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said , adding that this is the only effect of the notification .
( source : PTI photo ) the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said , adding that this is the only effect of the notification .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley today said the purpose of Demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner GDP .
Demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger , cleaner and real GDP , Arunjaitley told PTI at Karnali village , around 72 km from here .
Express photo by Renuka Purilinking Aadhaar with filing of income tax returns is a way to curb tax evasion , and action will be taken on big depositors of discontinued currency who have not replied to the income tax departments queries on the source of cash , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Wednesday .
Fielding criticism from opposition parties such as the Congress , the Bjd and the TMC over Aadhaar being made mandatory for income tax purposes , Arunjaitley said in told the Lok Sabha , yes , we are making Aadhaar mandatory .
With opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the Demonetisation process , Arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process .
Responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the Demonetisation period , Arunjaitley said it will be announced by RBI after every note is counted .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
A day after finance minister Arunjaitley said it will be erroneous to attribute the slowdown in economic growth in the last quarter of 2016-17 solely to Demonetisation , Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said the best way to describe the governments reaction was utter confusion , perplexity , hypocrisy , bewilderment and bemusement .
In the union budget 2018 , finance minister Arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies ( Fpcs ) for the next five years .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicate , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
Aadhaar is a game changer , Arunjaitley said .
The monies saved through Aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere , Arunjaitley said .
The upa legislation , Arunjaitley said , was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the UID would be used .
The judgement of the Supreme Court added balance to the concept of Aadhaar , Arunjaitley said .
In a Facebook post on the second anniversary of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said in first four years of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6 .
Terming the criticism , that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , as ill-informed , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Monday said the centre and states were close to completing the first stage of GST rationalisation by removing most items from the 28 slab with a convergence of the 12 and 18 bracket being the next step in the process .
We are banking on GST checking evasion and buoyancy in collection , Arunjaitley said .
Responding to Noteban critics , Arunjaitley said Demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes .
Earlier , Arunjaitley in a Facebook post said Demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy , expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor .
Defending the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said , even when there was global stress , we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister .
Giving details of impact of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6 .
On the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
Lauding prime minister Narendra Modi for his decisiveness , Arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister ( Manmohan Singh ) , Modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to Demonetisation , surgical strike against Pakistan and the goods and services tax ( GST ) .
Of these , 21,000 ATMs were functional and the rest are Cdms , SBI chairman Arundhatibhattacharya said .
While announcing its quarterly result , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya also said that the bank has got deposits worth RS 53,000 crore and has exchanged currency worth RS 1,500 crore after Demonetisation move .
Last week , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya said that the merger of associate banks with SBI itself is on track and remains unaffected by the Demonetisation move .
We will strive to restock ATMs at the earliest and make them operational , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya said .
( source : PTI ) continuing his protest against 1 per cent excise duty on Non-Silver jewellery introduced by the centre , chief minister Arvindkejriwal said the BJP and the Congress were no different .
Making the announcement , Delhi chief minister Arvindkejriwal said , since independence , VIPs politicians and officers have been provided free electricity and water from taxpayers money .
New Delhi : Delhi chief minister Arvindkejriwal on Tuesday said he will request lieutenant governor Anil Baijal to approve appointment of pharmacists in the city hospitals to avoid long queues for medicines , said an official .
Niti Aayog vice-chairman Arvindpanagariya Niti Aayog vice-chairman Arvind Panagariyaniti Aayog vice-chairman Arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income .
Observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected , Babu said , the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year .
I hope the message would reach those who make such considerations , Babu said in an apparent reference to the Congresss negotiating team with the government on GST that comprised the Rajya Sabha members .
The difference is extremely glaring in perishable commodities like vegetables , Babu said in his address at the 46th convocation of the University of agricultural sciences ( UAS ) here on Friday .
The monsoon has turned out to be little better than what was expected , therefore agriculture production may do better than what was originally expected , Babu said .
Ap announces debt cut for Farmershyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:08 Istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Nara Babu announced waiver of loan not exceeding RS 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013 .
India has strong infrastructure and one of the best Aadhar-Enabled payment systems in the world which is Besed on fingerprints , Babu said , calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode .
B M Mallikarjuna Babu , assistant director of the horticulture department , said farmers should mix 2 mL of Quinolphos to one litre of water , before sprinkling the mixture to the trees .
On the occasion , Union minister M Venkaiah Babu said that the Demonetisation was also a part of the digital India .
We have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers , Babu told TDP lawmakers at a meeting at his residence .
Regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the Fcv tobacco farmers in the country , Faifa general secretary Babu said in a statement .
During a meeting with party leaders at the party office in Guntur on Monday , Babu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government .
The statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing Upma and Idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers , Babu said adding that the propaganda on Babu works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the TDP regime were a loss to the farming community .
Kau Vice-Chancellor R Babu said , the proposal to establish a Caast for knowledge and skill development on Coconut-Based secondary agriculture has been approved by the iCar .
Our Endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing , Babu said .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Babu in a televised address to the nation had announced Demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes .
Quelling fears over security of digital transactions , Babu said that the SBI had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised .
Karnataka milk Federation ( Kmf ) director , who looks into co-operative societies , Dr Babu said the societies started putting money directly to the Farmers/Producers account after Demonetisation move .
Before taking the decision , proper exercise to know whether the nation has sufficient notes of lower denomination to compensate the old ones was not done , said RAM Babu .
The cooperative banks in rural areas , where most of the farmers and daily wagers have accounts , are not permitted to exchange old currency , Babu said .
Nagaon deputy commissioner Babu said the initial Drought-Like situation pushed the administration to move Dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so .
The new capital region will be just 18Km from the Krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely , Babu said , trying to allay their fears .
Our politicians , in spite of their rhetoric , have failed to educate the average farmer who is aware that he is losing something but not its ramifications , said M. Babu , an official of the local school .
Deputy commissioner Babu said the assessment of the damages in the district is on and initiatives would be taken to benefit the farmers according to the governments direction .
We are ready to render all possible support to our farmers , Babu said .
( Source-Express Photo/Nirmal Harindran ) with petrol ruling at 55-Month high and diesel at record levels , Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Babu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people .
In a letter to oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan , Babu said the centre had between November 2014 and January 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices .
The quotation killings and attacks began to be reported across the state , particularly from Malappuram and Kozhikode , by the late 1980s and early 90s , with unaccounted money flowing in from the Gulf and with gold smuggling becoming lucrative , retired sp Babu says hawala operators and gold dealers in Kozhikode and Malappuram were the first to tap the potential of quotation gangs .
During his poll campaign , Prime Minister Babu had said the first decision of the new up government under the BJP would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers .
We must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side , Andhra Pradesh chief minister Babu , who heads the panel , said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in India and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals , Faifa general secretary Babu said in a statement .
Watch what else is making Newswe are very disturbed because of the declining Off-Take from domestic manufacturers regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the Fcv tobacco farmers in the country , Faifa general secretary Babu said in a statement .
To boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply , the forest development corporation of Maharashtra ( Fdcm ) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol , bio CNG Etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project , said N Babu , managing director of Fdcm .
In an indirect but obvious reference to Nehru , Babu said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming .
He used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming , due to which the community faced hardship , Babu said , without naming Nehru .
We have written to IPC bank to examine amount as shown in list of beneficiaries with loan amount they had actually borrowed and the revised list with actual figure of loan amount should be further sent to state government to square accounts of farmers agriculture loan , assistant commissioner ( cooperative ) Babu said .
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers , Babu said , adding that RS 415 .
K Babu , deputy station manager , Tuggali railway station , says , out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day , 200 to 300 are farmers and Coolies migrating for work .
On charges of AP copying Telangana schemes , Babu said Andhra Pradesh achieved 11 growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of Telangana stands at 0 .
Asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical , given that the Telugu DeSam party ( TDP ) , of which he is the president , had been part of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government till March this year , Babu said , I was against the Demonetisation of the high-value currency notes , and said so after the move was announced .
Its like , no , no , I actually Im paying for all of this , BarackObama said as he contradicted the general impression that he lived on taxpayers money and had never had to use his wallet .
Last month , BarackObama announced his intention to reinstate preferential treatment for Myanmar under the generalised system of preferences ( GSP ) programme , a preferential tariff system .
Questioning the legitimacy of the UIDAI and the governments claim that Aadhaar is the biggest tool to eradicate corruption in the country , Justice ( Retd ) K s Puttaswamy , the main petitioner in the PIL filed in the Supreme Court on Uiadi , Mathew Thomas , managing trustee of the fifth estate , Somasekhar V K , managing trustee of Grahak Shakti , and Sunil Abraham , CEO , Centre for Internet and society , on Thursday announced that they would be soon filing a contempt petition in the apex court .
Mumbai : HDFC chairman Deepak on Friday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) regime can push up the country 's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points ( BPS ) .
To heal cracked heels , the onion is mashed and the paste is applied in a poultice to the heels , says Deepak , a farmer .
While Deepak ( 23 ) , a farmer , said he can not afford a solar lamp , Kaushalya Devi ( 70 ) showed her solar light , which barely illuminates a part of the small room .
Ssp Lucknow Deepak said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
While Deepakkumar ( 23 ) , a farmer , said he can not afford a solar lamp , Kaushalya Devi ( 70 ) showed her solar light , which barely illuminates a part of the small room .
Ssp Lucknow Deepakkumar said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
Mumbai : HDFC chairman Deepakparekh on Friday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) regime can push up the country 's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points ( BPS ) .
Mumbai : chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application .
Last week , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said that the Marathwada region will be made Drought-Free in the next few years .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavisaurangabad : the Maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched Marathwada region free of drought , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Tuesday .
Cm Devendrafadnavis , unfazed by the criticism , said depletion of groundwater level is bound to happen in a year when the state was staring at a drought .
My government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of Maharashtra and a total of RS 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it , chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly , replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state 's 48,000 villages .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Tuesday his government was willing to discuss the farmers issue with anyone provided they do not have a political agenda as they continued their protests even after he announced a farm loan waiver for small and marginal farmers in the state .
Yesterday , Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before October 31 and about 1 .
Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis announced a RS 30,000 crore loan waiver the biggest such write-off in the States history .
Earlier , after reviewing the drought situation , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said , the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages .
After finance minister Sudhir Muntangiwar presented the budget , chief minister Devendrafadnavis told Mediapersons , the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for Upliftment of farmers , poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths .
From land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions , the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Sunday .
Notably , Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said in December last year that the Bjp-Led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the Worst-Affected Yavatmal district of Vidarbha with the help of Baliraja Chetna Abhiyan .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the Left-Affiliated all India Kisan Sabha ( Aiks ) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-Km March from Nashik to Mumbai , told the Vidhan Sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers , many of them Tribals .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural Maharashtra .
Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Wednesday the Maharashtra government will study the Uttar Pradesh model of farm loan waiver , amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the States distressed farmers .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Thursday asked district officials in Drought-Hit Parbhani district in the Marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers .
( source : PTI ) Devendrafadnavis had said he is fine with IPL moving out of the drought hit Maharashtra .
( source : PTI ) a day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the IPL moving out of the Drought-Affected Maharashtra , his party colleague and BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur on Saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of RS 100 CR for the state .
With the Maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls , chief minister Devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly Thursday that this could cost the state Exchequer an additional RS 8,000 crore .
( express Photo/Janak Rathod ) agitating farmers called off their stir on Monday after Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers .
Speaking in the state legislative assembly , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body , and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and Tribals .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers , chief minister Devendrafadnavis Thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth RS 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state .
The developments come a day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced that Maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before October 31 , which will benefit 1 .
42 PM : Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be Farmer-Centric .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( source : express archive photo by Santosh Parab ) Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( source : express archive photo by Santosh Parab ) chief minister Devendrafadnavis said Saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of RS 30,500 crore .
Addressing a farmers rally at Raigaon village in Kadegaon Taluka of Sangli district , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , overall , our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds .
After a series of protests in Maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of RS 5 per litre for dairy farmers .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till May 20 .
Almost all member states are opposed to the Niti Aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act , however , many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday .
Recently , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 Talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year , which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) the Shiv Sena on Saturday asked Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state , claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls .
( file photo ) Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis has said that Micro-Irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity .
Amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in Maharashtra , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income .
Maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of Flood-Affected people is done in record time , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , adding that efforts will be made to make the state Drought-Free by diverting rain water from Konkan region to North Maharashtra and Marathwada as well as water from Wainganga river to Vidarbha by constructing a tunnel .
At a meeting , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state .
The state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of RS 40,000-Crore income to farmers in the last one year in Maharashtra , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday .
( file photo ) as farmers in some parts of Maharashtra on Thursday went on a strike , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition Congress and NCP were instigating them for political gains .
( express archive ) skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors , including agriculture and industries , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday interacting with ITI students .
At a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing Federation of India ( Nafed ) , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and Harbara .
Almost two years after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced RS 34,000-Crore farm loan waiver , district central cooperative banks ( Dccbs ) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme .
Devendra Fadnavis ( file ) Devendrafadnavis ( file ) while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints , it will not impact development projects in Maharashtra , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Saturday .
At the States annual Kharif review meeting held on Friday , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture , water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture ( and allied sector ) growth from 12 .
Farmers in Maharashtra , who had been on a war path from June 1 to press for their various demands , had on June 11 called off their stir after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them .
Despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in Marathwada and Vidarbha , Maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Wednesday while launching mission drinking water .
Earlier , a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on June 3 .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis had announced the Drought-Like situation last week in 180 of 355 Talukas of the state .
Farmers in Maharashtra , who had been on a war path from June 1 to press for their various demands , had on June 11 called off their stir after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them .
By Ptiwashington : the Maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025 , five years early , by investing in infrastructure , agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors , chief minister Devendrafadnavis has said .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time .
By Ptinagpur : Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of RS 500 per quintal for the crop .
The developments came a day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced that Maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before October 31 , which will benefit 1 .
Fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax ( GST ) , Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis said today .
Boosting Moralewith collective initiative , we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis , chief minister Devendrafadnavis has said .
Navi Mumbai , Apr 9 , 2016 ( PTI ) 15:16 Ista day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the IPL moving out of the Drought-Affected Maharashtra , his party colleague and BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of RS 100 CR for the state .
Earlier , a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on June 3 .
Salem : as part of the measures being taken to improve agriculture , a special scheme for development of Rainfed agriculture has been conceived , said chief minister Edappadik.Palaniswami at a mega government scheme distribution function in Salem on Tuesday .
Salem : prime minister Narendra Modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an All-Party delegation from Tamil Nadu to urge him to set up the Cauvery management board , said chief minister Edappadik.Palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on Sunday , Palaniswami said the Pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of All-Party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent .
Trichy : prime minister Narendra Modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an All-Party delegation from Tamil Nadu to urge him to set up the Cauvery management board , said chief minister Edappadik.Palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on Sunday , Palaniswami said the Pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of All-Party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent .
Tamil Nadu chief minister Edappadik.Palaniswami and deputy chief minister O Panneerselvam said the Dmk party despite being a part of the previous Congress-Led upa government in the centre betrayed farmers in the state .
Urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against Modi and raising farmers issue during the address , Gandhi claimed that the PM had duped farmers and looted people of India to give RS 30,000 crore to Anil Ambani .
The government and opposition parties were Thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister Arun Jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend Demonetisation while Congress president Gandhi said the note ban cost 1 .
Referring to his visit last week to Madhya Pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing , Gandhi said , when I asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state , they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders .
Taking to Twitter , Gandhi said he will make every effort to secure the future of the farmers .
Addressing a rally on Friday in Ganj Basoda , Gandhi said Modi has failed to fulfil his promise of giving jobs to two crore youths and ensuring remunerative prices to farmers for their produce .
Gandhi said finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the Demonetisation .
Gandhi , while addressing the 'Kisan rally ' here , said : CBI director Alok Verma was removed at midnight .
Talking about GST and Demonetisation , Gandhi claimed : due to GST and Demonetisation , small and medium businesses have been destroyed .
On the farm loan waiver issue , Gandhi said , when they were in government they waived RS 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the BJP MPs criticism against the same .
Gandhi said he wanted Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to become agriculture centres in five years and provide food , fruits and vegetables to the country .
Read| if elected , Congress will waive off loans of Chhattisgarh farmers : Rahul Gandhiaccusing Singh of indulging in corruption , Gandhi claimed that RS 5,000 crore had vanished in the chit fund scam .
They do n't have money for farmers ' loan waiver but they can waive loans of India 's 15 richest industrialists , Gandhi said .
Addressing a rally in Uttar Pradesh 's Bahraich district , Gandhi said : the BJP is , in fact , insulting the farmers in the name of the Kisan Samman Yojana , which the prime minister discusses very much , as it will give only RS 3 .
Comparing the Pm-Kisan to the Congress ' minimum income guarantee scheme , Nyay , Gandhi said : on the other hand , the Congress has announced that it will give RS 6,000 per month to the poor households ( if voted to power ) .
Gandhi said that this decision has thrown farmers , small shopkeepers and housewives into utter chaos .
Ejaz Kaiser Byexpress news Serviceraipur : Congress president Gandhi , in a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government at the centre and in Chhattisgarh , said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor , the farmers , the labourers and the youngsters .
Samajwadi party ( SP ) spokesman Gandhi said the BJP government has misplaced priorities and predicted that farmers ' anger would cost them dear in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections .
At the same rally , Congress president Gandhi had said : the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis .
Donning a Himachali cap with dry followers atop , Gandhi in his forty minute speech said , `` Demonetisation is a move against the poor .
Gandhi said no one could silence the voice of farmers .
5 lakh crore loans of 15 big industrialists , why cant the loans of farmers be waived , Gandhi asked .
By Ptirajnandgaon : if the Congress was voted to power in Chhattisgarh , it will write off farmers ' debts within 10 days , party president Gandhi said Friday .
Gandhi said his party had promised loan waiver for farmers during polls in Punjab and Karnataka and kept its word after coming to power in the two states .
If elected to power , the Congress will write off debt of each farmer in Chhattisgarh in 10 days , Gandhi told the gathering .
Also read : PM Modi 's latest Demonetisation barf is 'Shell firms ' , says Rahul Gandhiwhen Modi spoke from the ramparts of the red fort in Delhi that before he became the prime minister in 2014 , the elephant ( India ) was sleeping , he was insulting people of the country , Gandhi said .
Reiterating his Partys promise to waive off farmers loans if voted to power , Gandhi said , let our government assume power in MP .
According to sources , Gandhi told the members that the party should play the role of a constructive opposition and should not be seen as against the GST legislations .
Gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in Madhya Pradesh , including the kin of former chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , have been waived by the Congress government in the state .
Gandhi also said if his party comes to power , it would change the GST and abolish the 28 per cent GST slab .
Gandhi said the Modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans , where the amount involved in much less , Jaitley would not oblige .
By Iansjaipur : the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the Congress will do it if comes to power after the Lok Sabha polls , Congress president Gandhi said at a farmers ' outreach here on Wednesday .
By Ptinew Delhi : the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future , Congress president Gandhi said on Friday and called for a farm loan waiver .
Read | not going back to ballot paper : chief election Commissionerraking up the Rafale deal which he alleges to be the India 's biggest defence scam , Gandhi also said that agrarian crisis , unemployment and the attacks on democratic institutions along with Modi 's corruption in the jets deal will be the core issues in the upcoming Lok Sabha polls .
Earlier , attacking the Narendra Modi government on Demonetisation , Congress president Gandhi on Wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers .
Addressing a public rally in Valsad district of Gujarat , Gandhi also claimed that the Modi government refused to waive farmers ' loans but wrote off RS 3 .
We are going to waive farm loans , Gandhi told the media here asserting that his party would fulfil the promise of waving loans of farmers in all the three states within 10 days of coming to power .
At the rally , which was organised as Thanksgiving meet of farmers for the agricultural farm loan waiver executed by the Kamal Nath government , Gandhi said the waiver is just the beginning , were also committed to starting food processing units and cold storages near farmers plots in every district of the state .
We will not retract a single inch , we will not let them sleep at night till farmer loans are waived , Gandhi said .
Rahul Gandhi ( @ Rahulgandhi ) December 20 , 2018Indicating that further simplification of the goods and services tax is on the anvil , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had Tuesday said his government wants to ensure that '99 per cent things ' attract Sub-18 per cent GST slab .
The govt seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created , through the unplanned and Unthought process of Demonetisation , Gandhi said in his Facebook post .
Also read : Kisan rally highlights | PM failed to fulfil promises , say Gandhi , Arvind Kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue , claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court saying it would not implement the M s Swaminathan commission report .
Talking to journalists after being stopped , Gandhi said , the Narendra Modi government and the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government are both Anti-Farmer .
Modiji has betrayed the people on the issue of providing jobs to two crore people every year and depositing RS 15 lakh cash into their accounts by bringing ( back ) black money stashed abroad , Gandhi said .
Addressing a two-day meet of the all India Congress Seva DAL , Gandhi said every sections of the society , be it farmers , youths or small-scale traders , suffered under the Modi government and they should get justice .
When the Congress returned to power in Rajasthan , the state government waived farm loans , Gandhi said .
Gandhi at the farmers ' rally on Wednesday had said , the watchman with a 56-inch chest ran away and told a woman , Sitharaman Ji , defend me .
Being a Delhi girl , I challenge you to fight the last two phases of the Lok Sabha elections on the issues of Demonetisation , GST , women 's security and the false promises made to people of the country , Priyanka Gandhi had said during the roadshow .
On Demonetisation and the GST implementations , Gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these .
After the note ban , Modi made honest and hardworking citizens to stand in queues outside banks , Gandhi said .
Asked about farmers converging in Delhi to press their demands , Gandhi said such freedom does not exist in countries such as Russia , China or Saudi Arabia .
On Tuesday , Gandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the Narendra Modi government waives farm loans across the country .
We will raise this topic in parliament as well , Gandhi told media after meeting with the farmers .
Raising his pet poll issues , Gandhi said : prime minister Narendra Modi ruined the country 's economy by implementing Demonetisation and 'Gabbar Singh tax ' ( GST ) .
Blaming Modi of misusing powers by implementing Demonetisation , Gandhi said : Demonetisation had taken money out of people 's pockets and the prime minister gave that amount to his industrialist friends .
Also read : Pm-Kisan scheme an insult to farmers , says Priyanka Gandhiduring the Demonetisation , no thief or person with black money , but farmers , youths , unemployed , and people of Bundelkhand stood in the queues , said Gandhi .
Gandhi also said if voted to power , the Congress will waive farmers ' loans within 10 days of forming government .
The Congress will waive the loans of each farmer in Chhattisgarh within 10 days , Gandhi said .
Urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against Modi and raising farmers issue during the address , Gandhi claimed that the PM had duped farmers and looted the people of India to give `30,000 crore to Anil Ambani .
Ani Byraebareli : Congress president Gandhi on Saturday said that no prime minister except Narendra Modi took foolish decisions such as Demonetisation and goods and servies tax ( GST ) in the past 70 years .
The Congress will install a people 's government in the state which will empower farmers , small and medium businesses and provide employment to the youth , Gandhi said .
Accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Gandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
( express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi ) accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Gandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
( express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi ) accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Gandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
Then they purchase 80 to 90 cattle and carry it in their truck pretending as farmers and eventually slaughter the animals , Gandhi said in New Delhi .
Read more Hererahul Gandhi hits out at BJP govt over GST Billspeaking at an interaction with students in Mumbai , Congress vice president Gandhi said it was the BJP which was responsible for the GST bill being delayed for seven years , adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session , it would have to give in to their concerns .
( PTI file photo ) Congress vice-president Gandhi on Saturday said his Mahayatra from Deoria in Eastern Uttar Pradesh to Delhi from September 6 is a campaign to help secure rights of the poor , farmers and labourers in government resources .
In her message to the family of Jakhar , Gandhi said , the Congress party as indeed the entire nation will forever remember the contributions made by him during the course of his long public life , particularly to the cause of farming community .
Attacking Modis policy , Gandhi said that two months after the conclusion of Demonetisation drive , the government has failed to provide even estimate of black money unearthed .
Priyanka Gandhi in a statement on Thursday said the agricultural land bought by her in in Amipur village of Faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband , his skylight hospitality or reality major Dlf .
On Wednesday Robert Vadras wife , Priyanka Gandhi had said in a statement that agricultural land bought by her in Haryanas Faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband , his skylight hospitality or reality major Dlf .
While taking a number of questions on GST , Gandhi told the audience that the very structure of GST is flawed .
When asked why did the Congress allow the GST bill to be passed in the Rajya Sabha if they knew it was flawed , Gandhi said , we had tried stopping .
The problems of water and fodder supply in Drought-Hit areas would be taken up on a war footing , Gandhi said while interacting with farmers and labourers in the drought hit villages of Aurangabad in Maharashtra .
Ganesh Shirsekarcongress vice-president Gandhi said on Saturday that the GST bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with Congress support if the Narendra Modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party .
According to sources , Gandhi told the members that the party should play the role of a constructive opposition and should not be seen as against the GST legislations .
Addressing the media at the MP border , Gandhi said , PM Modi doesnt waive off farmer loans , doesnt give them benefits , only gives them bullets .
We have to give everyone an identity card ( and ) Aadhaar is as good an identity as any , said Gandhi , women and child development minister .
We have to give everyone an identity card ( and ) Aadhaar is as good an identity as any , said Gandhi , women and child development minister .
Rahul Gandhi has asked the Bengal Congress unit to organise a slew of meetings for drawing up the Congress manifesto for Bengal Telegraph file Picturethe Congresss manifesto consultation exercise , an assignment from none other than Gandhi , has thrown a fresh challenge for the Bengal unit of the party that is grappling with cash crunch and organisational decline .
Speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers , Gandhi told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the BJP was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country .
Rahul Gandhi in Congress president Gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for Lok Sabha polls , in Samastipur , ( PTI ) Congress president Gandhi on Tuesday said no farmer in the country will be jailed for not repaying loans if his party comes to power at the centre .
Gandhi claimed that Lakhs of youth lost jobs because of Demonetisation and GST as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market .
Congress leader Gandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent GST .
Congress chief Gandhi had said that giving farmers RS 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for .
Rahul Gandhi , the president of the Congress , had , in May , said if his party came to power , there would be only one slab of the GST and that the party was against the 28 per cent slab .
Congress vice-president Gandhi said on Wednesday the Uttar Pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to RS 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction .
@ Incindia has always supported loan waivers for farmers in distress ( sic ) , Gandhi said in a series of tweets .
Normalcy has returned to the currency system post Demonetisation and the pace of cash withdrawls has come down , said R Gandhi who retired as deputy governor of Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) on Monday and was in charge of the currency management division .
Earthquakeduring the winter session last year , which was washed out because of ruckus over the governments note ban move , Gandhi told reporters outside parliament that he had information about personal corruption by the prime minister and there would be an earthquake if he was allowed to speak in Lok Sabha .
When Modijis government came , farmers were promised full help , but across the country farmers are committing suicide , Gandhi said .
Hitting out at the government on Demonetisation , Gandhi said , last year I dont know what happened on November 8th Narendra Modi got an idea , he came on the TV and said Bhaio , Behno Im going to ban the notes in your pockets .
25Pm : the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers , Gandhi said before leaving for Udaipur .
25Pm : Gandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences .
55Pm : Rahul Gandhi says the Congress has stood with the farmers from the fields to parliament .
12:34Pm : Gandhi said to be heading towards Mandsaur on a Kutcha route through Villages12:24Pm : administration and police flustered at Gandhi Move12:23Pm : Congress workers present in huge numbers at Nimbaheda to greet and welcome Rahul Gandhi12:21Pm : Nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of Neemuch , one of the many centres of Violence12:20Pm : Congress using farmers protest as a photo-op , says Venkaiah Naidu , dismisses demands for MP CMS Resignation12:16Pm : special protection group accompanying Congress V-P confirms Gandhi is trying to enter Mandsaur district via Nimbaheda .
Pointing to farmer suicides and unemployment in the country , Gandhi said the last three years were a betrayal of the mandate the government had received .
The government seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created through the unplanned and Unthought process of Demonetisation , Gandhi said on Facebook .
Cong wo n't allow govt to take land of farmers easily : Rahulanantapur ( AP ) , July 24 , 2015 , PTI : 12:58 Isthitting out at the NDA government over the contentious land bill , Congress vice president Gandhi today said he would not let prime minister Narendra Modi take farmers ' land easily .
Gandhi said that he would continue to fight for the salaried class and put pressure on the government which works for a selected group of industrialists and those with black money .
Gandhi said that in parliament he had asked Modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing RS 15 lakh in everybody 's bank account , the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white , Rohith Vemula 's suicide , Kanhaiya Kumar and Jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'Make in India ' scheme .
Asked about roadblocks in implementation of GST bill , Gandhi said , it was Congress which brought in the GST legislation .
Asked what could the government do to help farmers battling agrarian crisis and deficient rainfall , Gandhi said we have made a slow transition from agricultural economy to knowledge economy and industry economy .
They are focusing not so much on farmers , not so much on agriculture , Gandhi said .
A day after Gandhi said the GST bill will be passed in parliament in just 15 minutes with his party 's support if the Narendra Modi government accepted conditions laid down by it , parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said it was not not fair on its part to set conditions for the passage of the measure .
Sonia Gandhi said the government had to bow down on the land ordinance and allow it to lapse due to the support from the farming community to Congress ' fight against the measure .
In her message to the family of Jakhar , Gandhi said , the Congress party as indeed the entire nation will forever remember the contributions made by him during the course of his long public life , particularly to the cause of farming community .
Taking a jibe at the prime minister over his frequent foreign tours , Gandhi said that Modi is always going on world tours , but he had not seen him standing even once with a farmer or an unemployed youth .
Opposing the land bill , Congress vice president Gandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill .
In the first meeting of the CWC since the prime minister declared that land ordinance would not be Repromulgated , Gandhi said that due to Congress ' sustained campaign , the government has been compelled to withdraw its Anti-Farmer amendments .
The credit for this goes to every worker of the Congress party , who under Rahul 's active guidance , carried out a sustained agitation , Gandhi said , hailing the leadership of the Congress vice president to the cause of farmers .
Sack Gandhi , says Gandhi Delhi , June 16 , 2015 , Dhns 23:29 Istcongress vice-president Gandhi on Monday asked prime minister Narendra Modi to sack external affairs minister Gandhi Swaraj for helping former IPL chief Lalit Modi who is the symbol of black money .
In Bhilwara , Gandhi said Demonetisation and GST left Lakhs of people unemployed .
In all the other rallies , Gandhi said employment among youth and financial crisis among farmers were the two biggest challenges before the state and the country .
There has been no contribution from the centre to the Congress-Led government 's RS 8,500 crore contribution in farm loan waivers , Gandhi said on Twitter .
With the help of other farmers , I managed to rescue her but she had been injured severely by then , Gandhi said .
Ipr attorney P Gandhi , who has obtained the maximum number of GI tags in the country , said Seeraga samba rice could be cultivated throughout the year in the paddy growing tracks of the state since the grains could withstand intermittent drought even at its critical stages of growth .
New Delhi : with newly formed Congress governments in MP and Chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers , party chief Gandhi said the opposition will not let PM Narendra Modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally .
Market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after Aicc president Gandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to RS 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in Madhya Pradesh .
Addressing the agitators , Congress chief Gandhi said , farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift , but only their rightful due .
Asked about the budget being hailed as a surgical strike , Gandhi said , surgical strikes will happen on Mr Modi one after the other over the next two months on issues such as Rafale , jobs and Demonetisation .
Gandhi said , apart from fabrics import , manufacturers of fabrics are comfortable with GST rates of 5 and 12 on MMF yarn and that any increase by the government in GST rates will lead to inflation of fabric prices and the whole value chain will be disrupted .
Whatever time is left , Modiji talks about himself , as he has run out of the issues to talk about , said Gandhi , asking the PM to devote two minutes for farmers and people of Gujarat .
You just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt , said Gandhi .
Addressing the traders , Gandhi said , Modi has enforced 'Gabbar Singh tax ' ( GST ) , which has 'Destroyed ' your business .
They had to tell us that due to steps such as GST , their earnings have got halved in the recent time , said Gandhi , terming the initiative as Gabbar Singh tax , appealing voters to remember how they were made to stand in queue ( during Demonetization ) while casting their vote .
Gandhi had earlier said he will not let prime minister Narendra Modi sleep until all farmer loans have been waived off .
Federation of Indian art silk weaving industry ( Fiaswi ) chairman Gandhi said , the industry is getting assurances since the day GST was rolled out .
We have committed that in 2019 , we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that Narendra Modi has done against farmers in five years , Gandhi said .
At a farmers rally in Chhattisgarh on Monday , Gandhi had said that if Congress comes to power at the centre , its government will guarantee a minimum income for every individual in the country .
Continuing the attack on Congress at another rally , Raje said , Gandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer , but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for UpTo RS 50K .
This story is from December 12 , 2018Picture used for representational purpose Onlydownload the times of India news app for latest Citybhopal : a year after the incident of firing in Mandsaur leading to death of six farmers , the Congress president Gandhi in June this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in Madhya Pradesh .
The Sangathan president Gautamkothari said , industries are already suffering due to GST and poor global market .
Those without Aadhar numbers will be given an opportunity to enrol for a UID number , Gautham said .
Those without Aadhar numbers will be given an opportunity to enrol for a UID number , Gautham said .
Bathinda deputy commissioner Ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned , said Whitefly-Friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the Agriculture Department before March 11 .
Barnala deputy commissioner Ghanshyamthori said suicide of 27 farmers and farm labourers , because of debt have been approved as per direction of the Department of revenue , rehabilitation and disaster management .
, chairman Hamidansari asked the members to resume the debate on Demonetisation But opposition members raised slogans , which were countered by some members from the Treasury benches .
The union budget 2017-18 and the working of the ministry of railways and GST bills were discussed at length , chairman Hamidansari said in his valedictory remarks before adjourning the house sine die .
This house regrets that the presidents address does not mention the failure of the government to curb high-level corruption and to bring back black money , Rajya Sabha chairman Hamidansari said incorporating the Opposition-Backed change in the motion of thanks .
Interacting with party workers during his visit to Hassan , on Sunday , Dr Harshvardhan said , the centre was Pro-Farmer and was concerned about chalking out plans for the overall development of the country .
Therefore , excise duty collection this quarter may fall unless the government provides higher percentage of deemed credit ( currently proposed at 40 per cent of Cgst ) , Jain said .
Often , there would be unannounced power cuts too , said R Jain , a farmer , who participated in the protest .
Jain said there would be a distance of 400 meters between two water ATMs which could be adjusted according to the convenience of people .
S K Jain , immediate past president of the Mahratta Chamber of commerce industries and agriculture ( Mccia ) , said it would be in Indias favour if the UK remained with the EU .
The bank is fully geared to meet all the financial requirements of its retail as well as corporate customers with its nation-wide Net-Work of branches and ATMs , said Jain .
Capital values that are already reduced in selected locations within markets such as Delhi-Ncr , Bengaluru and Mumbai , will continue to remain under pressure in the coming quarter as the markets readjust in the post Rera and GST regime , Jain said .
Neeraj Jain , Conveynor , Lokayat , Pune , said contract farming is paving way for the government to pull out of its traditional role and give way to Corporatisation of agriculture .
The government should Regularise ATMs so that banks are made to store maximum cash in the machines , Jain said .
Pwc leader ( indirect tax ) Jain said the arrest provisions as per the revised model GST law may lead to undue harassment for traders .
To start with , there should be lighter penal provision for offences for at least two years as GST is a new tax regime and traders would need time to understand the law , Jain said .
With indication of revised implementation date of July 1 , 2017 for GST , industry gets much needed clarity and some additional time for preparation for this huge reform , said Jain , partner and leader , indirect tax , PwC .
Some major reasons for the growth could be reconciliations by businesses of outward and inward supplies , intelligent data analytics , related tax leakage detections and consequent GST payment by businesses , Abhishek Jain , tax partner , EY India , said .
5:05Pm : the proposed tax Straucture under GST is much more complex to what we have at present , said Jain , partner and leader of indirect tax at PwC India .
Regarding GST , Jain said the government prefers to stick to the July 1 deadline for its implementation .
The broad view was that GST will be largely Non-Inflationary and is a medium-term structural reform , Jain said .
A.C. Jain , the deputy director of agriculture ( information ) , said a total of 32 officials of the department and farmers and visitors donated blood at the camp .
Tax advocate Jain , who presented a paper on developing tax culture in India at the event , said the problems faced by taxpayers regarding assessments , Rectifications and refunds needed to be addressed .
A.C. Jain , the nodal officer , it Department of agriculture , said : altogether , 82 district agriculture officers , joint directors , deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme .
Jain said : the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card .
Pwc India leader ( indirect tax ) Jain said , it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the Constitution amendment bill by the president , the government has approved the setting up of the GST council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval .
Puducherry lt governor Kiranbedi on Sunday said economic development of a country largely depends on the progress of its agriculture , industry , trade and service sector .
Press trust of India , Dharwad , May 28 2017 , 0:17 Istthe future of agriculture in India depends on reclaiming 147 million hectares of land which has been degraded for various reasons , a s Kirankumar , the chairman of Indian space research organisation ( ISRO ) , has said .
After being conferred with the Cauvery award at a programme organised at Chandravana Ashrama near here as part of Navaratri celebrations , Kirankumar said that the satellites are used for collecting information on weather , for use in agriculture , education , communication , television and other fields .
Stating that five teams of BJP leaders are visiting Drought-Hit Taluks to assess the ground reality , Kumarravi said that a report would be submitted to the union government on prevailing condition in the state .
Many ATMs have not been dispensing money since four days and the others run out of cash in no time , said Kumarravi who was waiting for money at the ICICI bank , Akkayyapalem .
We are also struggling a lot because of the Demonetisation , said Kumarravi , who wanted to go to Chennai from Mysuru road satellite bus station .
P Kumarravi , another curry leaf farmer from Madhanur , said half of his Six-Acre plantation has wilted .
Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
( source : Ani ) Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
Union urban development minister M.Venkaiahnaidu in Gandhinagar on Monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops .
Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
( PTI file photo , file ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
Hyderabad : Union minister M M.Venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in India will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax ( GST ) is Implementedaddressing the Icai international conference 'Jnana Yagna ' here , the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money .
New Delhi : Union urban development minister M.Venkaiahnaidu on Thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament , the Congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over Demonetisation .
The BJP leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption , Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu said .
We will put up roadblocks on state highways for half and hour to one hour every day between December 26 and 30 in all 18 districts as part of our token protest against the manner in which farmers are being denied the MSP , said Madan , the president of the Pradeshik Krishak Sabha .
If we can gather together to save Jallikattu , then these are saviors of us , we will support them till they get the assurance from the government , said Madan , it professional from Noida who came to support the farmers .
The recent rain has only replenished our hopes of better days with enough water for the crop , said Madan , a farmer in Hagarigollahalli in the Taluk .
B'West Bengal cm Mamatabanerjee West Bengal cm Mamatabanerjee Banerjeethe West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Saturday said the Trinamool Congress party would support the central government on GST in parliament but it had some reservations about the land bill .
We have decided to purchase the required quantity directly from the farmers , state chief minister Mamatabanerjee said on Tuesday .
In case of rail transportation , the subsidy would be 50 Paise per kg of potatoes and re one for a kg if it was shipped abroad , Mamatabanerjee said adding these measures would help farmers to avoid distress sale .
Partha Paula day after the Supreme Court verdict on Singur , chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Thursday said farmers would get back their land within the stipulated time-frame set by the apex court and the land would also be made Cultivable before being returned .
A field survey would be conducted within four weeks , following which the physical possession of the land would be handed over to the farmers , Mamatabanerjee said .
Last time , chief minister Mamatabanerjee said she will not acquire land and that we could if the farmers were willing to sell .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee ( file photo ) West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee ( file photo ) West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to Demonetisation .
Earlier , Mamatabanerjee had announced that land would be returned to farmers after the end of Durga Puja .
If there are no banks or post office , how can one avail direct benefit transfer as there are lots of SC St people who dont have Aadhar card , Mamatabanerjee said .
B'As whether the land in Singur would be fit for cultivation again , Mamatabanerjee said : according to some agricultural experts , as no farming had taken place there for a decade , it was now more fertile than before .
( source : PTI photo/file ) as whether the land in Singur would be fit for cultivation again , Mamatabanerjee said : according to some agricultural experts , as no farming had taken place there for a decade , it was now more fertile than before .
( source : PTI photo/file ) the state government will distribute land Parchas documents establishing the ownership of pieces of land in revenue records among unwilling farmers at Singur in Hooghly on September 14 , chief minister Mamatabanerjee said on Monday .
As whether the land in Singur would be fit for cultivation again , Mamatabanerjee said : according to some agricultural experts , as no farming had taken place there for a decade , it was now more fertile than before .
If there is state funding of elections the use of black money will stop , Mamatabanerjee said in her first address to the assembly after taking charge of the state for a second term .
Whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime , Mamatabanerjee said .
They have hiked excise duty on fuel , Mamatabanerjee said .
( file photo ) at a public meeting on Monday , West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee asked corporate houses and businessmen why they were keeping quiet about Demonetisation and urged them to come forward and speak out against it .
But even as Mamatabanerjee announced Wednesday , from the mammoth stage set up for the first Singur Utsav that she was against land acquisition and will never allow forcible acquisition in Bengal ever again , even as she vowed to protect farmers and their lands , in the same breath she said that her government will push for industrial investment in the state .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee announced this on Tuesday while speaking at a programme in Kolkata , which was organised to Felicitate farmers for their contribution in agriculture .
In order to give them some relief , we have decided to buy 28,000 tonnes of potato per month directly from the farmers for mid-day meal scheme and Anganwadi centres , Mamatabanerjee said .
The poorest of the poor , the marginalised people will be the worst sufferers if # Aadhaar is made mandatory unilaterally , Mamatabanerjee said in a Tweet .
At a Post-Budget press conference here , Mamatabanerjee also said the key exercise was more focussed on the agriculture sector while the recently concluded Bengal global business summit was directed at the industry .
Stating that her apprehensions have been proven true , Mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit .
( file photo ) stating that her apprehensions have been proven true , Mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit .
Stating that her apprehensions have been proven true , Mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit .
In a Facebook post , Mamatabanerjee said that her apprehension about Demonetisation has proven to be correct and asked the centre to give clarification .
Accusing Modi of being totally arrogant , Mamatabanerjee claimed alleged that he was responsible for over 120 deaths owing to Demonetisation .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 Kishan Bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in New Delhi .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Wednesday said that the centre must waive farm loans across the country and not pass the buck to the States .
All restrictions should be withdrawn immediately # Demonetisation , Mamatabanerjee said in a Tweet on Monday .
Kolkata : West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee today asked prime minister Narendra Modi about how many more lives would be lost in the country in the wake of the Demonetisation move .
Listing the sops offered by her government , Mamatabanerjee said it has already given financial benefits to 30,000 farmers under 'Krishi Bondhu ' scheme under which they will get the assistance of RS 5,000 per acre in two instalments , one during Kharif and another during Rabi season .
Mamata Mamatabanerjee also claimed that Demonetisation has brought back barter system on a massive scale throughout the state .
Reminding him of his poll promise , Mamatabanerjee said : he has not been able to bring back the black money stashed abroad but has snatched away peoples money slyly by Demonetizing the high value notes .
Talking to reporters outside Rashtrapati Bhavan after leading a delegation of some opposition party leaders to meet President Pranab Mukherjee , Mamatabanerjee said her party was for tackling black money and accused the central government of implementing the Demonetisation move without proper planning .
Kolkata : West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Wednesday said people have been forced to accept the scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes not willingly but out of fear , taking a dig at prime minister Narendra Modis vehement justification of Demonetisation of higher value notes in parliament on Tuesday .
When customers told her that the banks were unable to give RS 100 denomination notes , Mamatabanerjee told them to insist on the same .
It is not for him to dictate where the common people would keep their hard-earned money , Mamatabanerjee said attacking Modi and the central government over Demonetisation , which has plunged the nation into a big crisis .
If Demonetisation is beneficial for the common man , then why are the shopkeepers , farmers and labourers suffering so much , Mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting .
New Delhi : West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee and his Delhi counterpart Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday asked the government to scrap the Demonetisation decision in three days or face a revolt .
The poorest of the poor , the marginalised people will be the worst sufferers if # Aadhaar is made mandatory unilaterally , Mamatabanerjee said in a Tweet .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee claimed the victory was a result of public ire against Demonetisation and said the party will launch district and Panchayat-Level Agitations in Bengal from Wednesday against the move .
We explained to him about the critical issue going on in the country ( after Demonetisation ) , Mamatabanerjee said after meeting the president .
During the 40-minute long meeting , Mamatabanerjee claimed to have spoken about the problems faced by the common people due to the Demonetisation move .
Bengal Shadowwest Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee had said on Friday that her government would not support the new GST system in its present form and that her government would write to Jaitley to make some amendments to make it suitable for all the sections of the society .
Rampant job loss has been reported across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sector in worst shape , Mamatabanerjee said .
It should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post Demonetisation , Mamatabanerjee said .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee said on Thursday she was correct in opposing the Demonetisation move by the centre , a day after data showed a weaker-than-expected economic growth that may have been hit by the ban on High-Denomination banknotes .
I have already asked the state chief secretary to send a strong letter to the union finance ministry elaborating on our objections to accepting the GST in its present form , Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee said at a district-level meeting in her state .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee , a strident Modi critic , told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the governments handling of Kashmir , caste clashes in Saharanpur , Demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism .
The poorest of the poor , the marginalised people will be the worst sufferers if # Aadhaar is made mandatory unilaterally , Mamatabanerjee said in a Tweet .
Less than a month before the GST regime is set to kick in from July 1 , West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said her government would not support the new tax system in its present form .
Dubbing Demonetisation as a shameless flop show , Mamatabanerjee asked the common people to rise in protest even as TMC activists staged Dharnas in front of RBI office in Kolkata as well as CBI office besides many places in the districts in West Bengal .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee , a strident Modi critic , told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the government 's handling of Kashmir , caste clashes in Saharanpur , Demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism .
People still suffering due to note Banpeople across the country continue to suffer three months after the unexpected implementation of Demonetisation on November 8 , West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee said , Dhns reports from Kolkata .
# Demonetisation , Mamatabanerjee said in a series of five tweets on Wednesday .
Mamata Mamatabanerjee has repeatedly asked the centre to take concrete steps to bring back the black money from abroad , but they have not heeded , he said .
Rampant job loss has been reported across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sector in worst shape , Mamatabanerjee said .
It is wrong on the part of the centre to come up with a directive that a person can not get pension or withdraw money from bank without Aadhar , Mamatabanerjee said .
16 : chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said Trinamul MPs would meet the prime minister soon to protest the centre 's alleged efforts to make Aadhaar cards mandatory by September for direct Benefit-Transfer schemes .
Purnendu Bera of Nandigrams Gokulnagar village said : on the very first day after taking oath as chief minister , Mamatabanerjee had announced that the land taken from unwilling farmers in Singur would be returned .
Last week , Mamatabanerjee had said publicly that she would not link her mobile phone number with Aadhaar , as required by the government , and had dared the authorities to cut off her connection .
At a rally in East Midnapore yesterday , Mamatabanerjee told the gathering , largely constituting farmers , that FDI and fertiliser price hikes would ruin them and leave them landless .
Picture by Saikat Santra Kharagpur , April 3 : Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee today announced a waiver of agricultural land tax that is expected to cost the government RS 200 crore in revenues annually and advised the centre to follow the example to write off farm loans .
We are not going to take agricultural land tax from those outside the purview of land ceiling , Mamatabanerjee told the rally in Kharagpur .
1 : chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said farmers in Singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the Supreme Court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be Cultivable .
Announcing that there is no new proposal for tax increase like the previous two years , deputy chief minister Manishsisodia , who also handles the finance portfolio , said the government expects a positive impact on tax revenue collections after the implementation of the goods and service tax ( GST ) later this year .
Addressing the CII Delhi state annual session today , deputy chief minister Manishsisodia said he wants to set up the cell in coordination with the confederation of Indian industry ( CII ) to help small traders understand GST which is expected to come into effect from July 1 .
New Delhi : Note ban has hit the National Capital 's economic growth and forced the city government to cut spending on various developmental projects by about RS 4,100 crore , deputy chief minister Manishsisodia said today .
Delhi deputy chief minister Manishsisodia said that compensation law has been cleared and certain provisions of C-Gst and S-Gst which was approved by the law ministry have been cleared .
Commenting on the Demonetisation process , Manmohansingh had said yesterday that it was responsible for the slowdown in Indias economy and cited a collapse in private sector investment and the reduction of the Industrys gross value added growth .
Participating in the debate , Naresh Agarwal ( SP ) said former prime minister Manmohansingh , who was in the house , had earlier said that GDP growth will slowdown by 2 percentage points due to the impact of Demonetisation .
B'Prime minister Manmohansingh today said the government will focus on modernising the agricultural marketing system and brining in private players to this sector in the 12th five year plan beginning 2012 .
Deshpande had also said that Prime Minister Manmohansingh had announced a package for Vidarbhas Crisis-Ridden farmers , which included one for irrigation .
The issue came for discussion at the last meeting of the union cabinet during which prime minister Manmohansingh had said that it was not possible to make specific details such as about black money parked in Swiss banks .
B'India is committed to taking hard and difficult decisions in the long-term interest of the economy , Prime Minister Manmohansingh said today , while assuring Japanese industry that the long-awaited goods and services tax ( GST ) regime facing hurdles from states will be in place in an appropriate type by 2014 .
4 : prime minister Manmohansingh today asked States to waive local taxes , including Octroi , as well as reform the outdated agriculture produce marketing committee act , or Mandi act , to help control a runaway food inflation .
No quick result : PM prime minister Manmohansingh today said there was no instant solution to bring back black money .
Singh : action Timenew Delhi , March 7 : prime minister Manmohansingh today asked a group of ministers to review the cotton export ban following protests by farmers and complaints from agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , who said he was kept in the dark about the decision .
An MP recalled that last year when Urjit Patel faced angry members over Demonetisation , former prime minister Manmohansingh told Patel that he can skip answers to questions he considers uncomfortable .
On the controversial Noteban decision , former prime minister Manmohansingh said scars and wounds caused by Demonetisation are getting more visible with time and second anniversary is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation .
Taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition , Manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the Syl canal , GST and the issues of farmers .
Watch what else is making Newsinitiatives in the field of health , skill development , infrastructure and agriculture were undertaken in these five villages , Manoharlalkhattar said .
The injustice done to the farmers will be revealed by the investigation , Manoharlalkhattar said during the ongoing budget session of the Vidhan Sabha .
Ahead of the assembly elections due next month , chief minister Manoharlalkhattar on Monday announced waiving interest and penalty on crop loans of farmers from cooperative banks to the tune of RS 4,750 crore under the one-time settlement scheme .
The lake is being renovated at a cost of RS 17 crore and on completion , about 23,000 acre of land would get irrigation facilities , Manoharlalkhattar said .
Haryana chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between RS 10,000 and RS 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between RS 7500 and RS 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop .
In case the farmers suffer any loss , it would be compensated by this Pradhikaran , Manoharlalkhattar said .
( file ) chief minister Manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay .
Responding to a question , Manoharlalkhattar said those who are stopping farmers from bringing their produce to markets and forcing them to throw them on roads , would be sternly dealt with .
We have given a package of roughly RS 5,000 crore to farmers , news agency PTI quoted chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said .
Jind : chief minister Manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay .
Farmers who have taken loans of amount RS 5 Lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent , Manoharlalkhattar said .
Chandigarh : the Haryana government is in talks with various companies for the domestic production of bio-fuel from stubble and also has plans to provide agriculture implements to farmers on subsidised rates to keep a check on the practice of burning paddy stubble in the state , chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said .
Chandigarh : Haryana chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said on Sunday that farmers will not forgive those who dumped their vegetables and milk on the roads .
Chandigarh : Haryana cm Manoharlalkhattar on Friday announced that compensation of RS 12,000 per acre would be given to those farmers whose crop has been damaged due to water logging and said that it has also been decided to give compensation of RS 6000 per acre to those farmers who were unable to sow their crop due to the water logging .
Later interacting with the villagers of Munak in Karnal district , Manoharlalkhattar said the responsibility for implementing the Swaminathan commission report rested with former chief minister Hooda , who was then chairman of the working group of chief ministers on agriculture production , set up on agriculture .
But he ( Hooda ) did not do anything during his time and kept pretending to be a leader of the farmers , Manoharlalkhattar said , adding his government has worked for the farmers during the last three-and-a-half years .
While talking after inaugurating the new service , Haryana chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said that the portal would help providing agriculture related information directly and online to the farmers .
After the implementation of GST , 35,000 businesses in Gurgaon have registered themselves , Manoharlalkhattar said .
B'Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificates Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online Certificatesan Aadhar card is mandatory to apply for government-issued certificates online through a newly launched government portal , GOA chief minister Manoharparrikar said on Wednesday .
Speaking to reporters after launching a new revenue department website which facilitates online procurement of residence and income certificates and registration of property , Manoharparrikar said those without an Aadhar card will have to apply for the documents in person .
It was in January this year , while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the National Bank for agriculture and rural development ( Nabard ) , Manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by September 30 .
Hospitals should get cashless transaction system , says Parrikarmangaluru , DEC 26 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:36 Istdefence minister Manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country .
'Defence food lab should work for Farmers'Mysuru , May 8 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:57 Istunion defence minister Manoharparrikar on Sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory ( Dfrl ) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status .
By September 30 , 2018 , my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by Nabard ( National Bank for agriculture and rural development ) at a function here .
Mumbai : since the Demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there has n't been Stone-Pelting on security forces , defence minister Manoharparrikar said here today .
Talking to reporters later , Manoharparrikar said those who sponsor terror will be affected by the Demonetisation .
In the next Brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections , nobody will be left with power to bribe voters , Manoharparrikar said , without naming the ally Shiv Sena which has been critical of Demonetisation .
Though the ordinance is lapsing , 13 of its points , meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers , are being brought under the rules effective from Sunday so farmers do not face financial loss , said Modi .
I have said time and again I am ready to accept any suggestion that is in farmers ' interest , said Modi .
Modi said his government believes that efforts should be made to bring back black money and the government was doing that .
Modi said you would all get RS 15 lakh each ; that the black money would be brought back .
Playing the Pro-Poor and Pro-Farmers card , a plank BJP has assiduously tried to claim for some time , Modi said the recent budget was all about them besides the middle class .
It opens new avenues for cooperation , including in areas like agriculture and healthcare , Modi said in a joint press interaction with Sirisena .
While laying thrust on progress of rural areas , with particular focus on farmers , Women-Folk and child care , Modi said he wants to leave a legacy after his five-year tenure which would be talked about in terms of exceptional achievement in the years to come .
Pm seeks views of people on Demonetisationnew Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 12:26 Istamid opposition attack , Prime Minister Modi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on Demonetisation via his app .
700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:29 Istaround 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
It will create new job opportunities , help economic growth and support the farmers income generation , Modi said .
Allocations for schemes in agriculture , rural development and infrastructure have been hiked , while electronic manufacturing and textiles have been specially marked for investment for job creation , Modi said .
Open to changes in land bill that benefit poor : Pmnew Delhi : May 28 , 2015 , Dhns 2:14 Istparties should keep aside political motives : Modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers , poor , village and nation will be accepted , Prime Minister Modi said on Wednesday asserting that along with GST bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time .
We spend a lot of money to import lentils and ( edible ) oils and we must resolve to raise production so that we become self-sufficient in the next 10 years , Modi said after launching a TV channel for farmers .
Modi , who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture , said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population .
To overcome the problem , Modi has asked scientists to work closely with farmers to introduce high-yielding crop varieties .
We have introduced the GST bill in parliament ; we are hopeful to roll it out in 2016 , Modi said at the Indo-German summit here , sharing the dais with German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
While pitching in for a deeper India-Africa partnership on clean energy , sustainable habitats , public transport and climate resilient agriculture , Modi said it is also true that the excess of few can not become the burden of many .
Asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money , Modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money .
The changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation ( R & R ) measures to farmers , Prime Minister Modi said .
Prime Minister Modi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years .
The government has taken significant steps to check corruption and menace of black money in a short span of time , Modi said at the inauguration of sixth global focal point conference ( Gfpc ) on asset recovery here at Vigyan Bhavan .
Sources said that Modi could also announce a host of welfare schemes for the farmers at the rally , which comes two days before former prime minister Chaudhary Charan Singh 's birth anniversary .
Addressing the States during Niti Aayog governing council meeting on April 23 , Modi had said , in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important , budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Modi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
Modi said this after reviewing the progress of UID project and DBT scheme .
I share the pain , Modi said about the suicide committed by a farmer from Rajasthan at a rally organised by AAM Aadmi party here .
While campaigning for the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 , Modi had said that , if voted to power , the NDA government would bring back the black money within 100 days of forming the government .
Delivering the 38th edition of his 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Prime Minister Modi said , can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022 ?
Stressing that all the political parties opposed to each other were together on the issue of corruption , Modi said both Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav had never been one of any issue but both were angry with him on his note ban decision .
Mayawati and Mulayam Singh who were opposed to each other , came together on one issue when I waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet , Modi said .
At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Modi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
New Delhi , June 28 , 2016 , Dhns 2:53 Istgst : Modi says one group has made passage of Bill 'Prestige Issue'Prime minister Modi has pinned hopes on the changed arithmetic in the Rajya Sabha for the passage of the much-delayed goods and services tax ( GST ) bill .
The GST is beneficial for the poor people of the States represented by them , because those states will economically benefit the most from GST , Modi said .
Referring to Demonetisation , Modi said he will not stop until and unless he recovers the black money and said it was Congress which has a problem with the ban .
To questions regarding change of rules 150 times after Demonetisation announcement , Modi said it was done to find ways to ease problems of people .
Hitting out at Congress for raising the issue of change of rules 150 times on Demonetisation , Modi said the previous upa government had changed rules regarding Mnrega 1035 times during its implementation over six years .
With regard to opposition 's criticism over Demonetisation , an issue that led to washout of the last winter session , Modi said from day one , the government has been saying that it is ready for a discussion on it .
Targeting the Congress , Modi said the opposition party claims to be the custodian of the farmers , the poor and the suppressed people .
Modi , who is addressing the summit along with us President Barack Obama , said heavy investments in infrastructure and agriculture will improve economy .
I hope the message would reach those who make such considerations , Modi said in an apparent reference to the Congresss negotiating team with the government on GST that comprised the Rajya Sabha members .
In his 42-Minute intervention , Modi said the GST regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money .
The GST will strive to free India from tax terrorism , Modi said as he vowed to pay tribute to freedom fighters after 75 years of independence by bringing in the tax reform as soon as possible .
The NDA government 's ally at the centre said Modi has announced credit to a foreign country at a time when hapless farmers , who are reeling under debt from banks and private moneylenders are waiting for financial aid from government .
Modi said he assured Wickremesinghe of India 's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure , railways , energy , community development projects , agriculture , capacity building , science and technology , space and civil nuclear field .
Bal Thackeray would 've backed Demonetisation : PM to Sena Mpsmumbai , Nov 22 , 2016 ( PTI ) 21:45 Istamid Shiv Sena 's growing criticism of centre 's Demonetisation move , Prime Minister Modi today told the party MPs had former party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive , he would have supported the move .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Modi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
Prime Minister Modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax ( GST ) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it , Naidu said after the meeting .
Modi said that the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana would offer credit cards , which could be used to offset any crisis and eventually help in preventing suicides among farmers and other poor sections .
Gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake RS 2,000 notes between November 9 last year , a day after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , and March 7 this year , followed by Delhi and Karnataka .
Attacking the Samajwadi party ( SP ) and the Bahujan Samaj party ( BSP ) , Modi said these arch-rivals had joined hands on the note ban issue .
Modi told the Lok Sabha that the problems of the farmers were old , widespread and deep-rooted .
Modi announces 50 PC increase in compensation for distressed Farmersnew Delhi , April 09 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:28 Istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain , Prime Minister Modi on Wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief .
We brought Dbtl and took advantage of bank accounts opened under Jan Dhan scheme and Aadhaar numbers to give subsidy straight to consumers , Modi said .
Modi said numerous measures and schemes have been initiated from making school toilets to setting up IITs , Iims and Aiims , from providing vaccination cover to children to initiating a people-driven Swacch Bharat mission , from ensuring a minimum pension to labourers to providing social security to the common man , from enhancing support to farmers hit by natural calamities to defending their interests at WTO .
Prime Minister Modi on April 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains .
Modi said the budget has distinct focus on farmers , youth , poor , Neo-Middle class and the AAM Nagrik ( common man ) .
Stating that everyone 's contribution was necessary for the success of the goods and services tax regime , Modi asked the IMC to conduct GST training workshops for common people in the limited time that is available before implementing the biggest indirect taxation reform in the nation 's Hisotry .
Talking about Demonetisation , Modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks .
Sagar Kulkarni , Feb 3 , 2017 , Dhns 8:48 Istdateline : New Delhidays after Prime Minister Modi announced scrapping of high value currency notes , agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for Rabi crops across the country .
It 's just beginning , says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'Crusade'New Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 13:09 Istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man , Prime Minister Modi today said as the BJP parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade .
Speaking at the first meeting of the BJP parliamentary party in the winter session , Modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money , fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger .
Modi , who was giving details of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana , an crop insurance scheme in light of 1,000 farmer suicides in Karnataka in the past one year , said River-Linking would save the country and help overcome water scarcity .
Methods like per drop , more crop of irrigation are vital and have helped farmers immensely , Modi said .
Soil samples collected from different lands and test reports would be made available to farmers that would guide them for taking remedial measures to change crop pattern , Fertilsiers and other measures , Modi said and called young innovators to invent systems that would help the farmers test soil on their land .
Instead of focusing on main issues , Modi says his biggest achievement was to bring the US president as chief guest on republic day while farmers and small traders were suffering , the former union minister told reporters here .
Prime Minister Modi and the government had earlier claimed that Demonetisation will put an end to black money , fake currency and terrorism .
Antalya ( Turkey ) , Nov 16 , 2015 ( Ians ) 16:19 Istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption , Prime Minister Modi said on Monday , the second and final day of the G20 summit here .
Coke heeds to PM 's call , to launch fizzy drink with fruit Juicenew Delhi , Feb 11 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 14:48 Istbeverages giant Coca-Cola is set to launch a new 'Juice with fizz ' drink , more than a year after Prime Minister Modi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help Indian farmers increase sales .
In September 2014 , Modi had asked multinational cola giants PepsiCo and Coca-Cola to help Indian farmers in increasing their fruit sales by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks .
Modi had said that as millions of people buy Pepsi and Coke the companies could put 5 per cent natural juice in their drinks and it would help farmers make a lot of money and not throw their fruits away .
New Delhi , may 26 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 18:21 Istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers , Prime Minister Modi today said the country can not move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent .
Annapurna Singh , New Delhi , Feb 10 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:00 Istprime minister Modi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol , diesel and other essential items while campaigning for Delhi polls , but the agricultural produce market committee data from Asias largest Azadpur Mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits , in fact , had risen close to 100 per cent .
2 billion dollars in grant since the first India-Africa summit in 2008 , Modi said it is creating 100 capacity-building institutions , and developing infrastructure , public transport , clean energy , irrigation , agriculture and manufacturing capacity across Africa .
While inaugurating the Pune Metro , Modi , in a veiled attack on the Congress for opposing Demonetisation , said the sins of Benami properties would not have happened and people would not be standing in queues now had necessary decisions been taken in the past .
Modi said the budget has a distinct focus on farmers , youth , poor and Neo-Middle class and delivers on growth , equity and job creation .
Pm wants 50 PC farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 Yrsnew Delhi , Jan 31 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 14:22 Isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme , Prime Minister Modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years .
Modi said he needs the maximum help from people about spreading awareness regarding the Pradhan Mantri crop insurance scheme which was launched earlier this month .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:32 Istprime minister Modi today said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Referring to government 's decision of Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said the decision has not been taken to harass people but to help poor , marginalised and honest people .
Prime Minister Modi had told a rally in Agra yesterday said that political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by Demonetisation , indirectly referring to Mamata Banerjee .
Vardhan said , Prime Minister Modi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country .
Committed to attack graft : PM after BJP show in civic Pollsgonda ( up ) , Feb 24 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 15:50 Istbuoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
Referring to the PM Fasal BIMA Yojna introduced for the benefit of people , Modi said though Bjp-Ruled states like Chhattisgarh and Haryana have made 50 per cent achievement , only 14 per cent farmers got it in up .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement .
Perhaps seeking to counter this claim , Modi said , economic growth has meaning only if it empowers the poor , farmers , women , as well as the middle and Neo-Middle classes of all communities .
Modi said only 14 per cent farmers got the benefit of the crop insurance scheme for farmers in up because Akhilesh does not feel it is any work .
On the stalled GST bill , Modi said the Congress has made it a prestige issue but expressed confidence that the evolving arithmetic in Rajya Sabha would ensure that the legislation would be passed soon .
Modi said the terrorists derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics , bank robbery , vehicle thefts , fake currency or from state sponsored activities in failed states .
Modi said India is currently in a crucial phase of nation building and the government 's mission is to build a prosperous India where farmers are capable , workers satisfied , women empowered and youth self-reliant .
Referring to disruptions in parliament due to which several bills , including the crucial GST legislation is stuck , Modi said house is not allowed to function due to inferiority complex ( of the opposition leadership ) .
With regard to GST , which is aimed at overhauling the taxation system in the country , Modi told the Congress , it is yours only , still it is being stopped .
About the recently-launched crop insurance scheme , Modi said it will come into force in all states from April 1 , this year .
Sharma said prime minister Modi , during BJP 's poll campaign , had claimed that black money was to the tune of RS 85 lakh crore .
He said Modi had also said that black money stashed abroad is equal to five union budgets and that it was enough to put RS 15 lakh in the account of all Indian citizens .
Budget is close to dreams of people : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 29 , 2016 ( PTI ) 19:05 Istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people , Prime Minister Modi today said its biggest focus is on villages , poor people , farmers , women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes .
When I talk of development , I want to put emphasis on six things , Modi said , adding that this six-point programme will ensure irrigation facilities to farmers and power connection to villages and industries .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Central team to be sent to Karnataka to assess drought : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 24 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:18 Ista central team is being sent to Karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there , Prime Minister Modi told an All-Party delegation from the state led by chief minister Siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues .
To this , Modi said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government is a taking a number of steps to address them .
Modi wants RBI to prepare 20-Yr road map for fin Inclusionmumbai , Apr 2 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 13:41 Istprime minister Modi today asked the Reserve Bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them , especially farmers .
Expressing concern of farmers ' suicides and the plight of the poor people in the country , Modi asked the bankers to be considerate in providing financial assistance to poor .
On Demonetisation , Modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts .
The Pmos directions came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in November-December 2016 , soon after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of High-Denomination notes .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:46 Istin Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Modi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
Modi said RS 603 crore would be made available with Karnataka in 2016-17 for water conservation and drought proofing under various central government schemes .
The Pmo direction came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the November-December period after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
When he had taken over the reins , the dues of sugarcane farmers ran up to RS 14000 crore , which had come down to about RS 700-800 crore now due to measures taken by his government , Modi said and warned the sugar mill owners against treating the farmers the way they did in the past .
At the meeting of the BJP parliamentary party yesterday , Prime Minister Modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by Congress-Ruled States and their chief ministers .
Modi has also asked bankers to ensure that all Jan Dhan bank accounts are linked to Aadhaar or unique identification numbers allotted to people .
Modi said : I want you to work to ensure that each account holder Enrols for Aadhaar and seeds it in the bank account .
We have to understand the problems farmers are facing , said Modi .
Observing that there was no difference between the centre and states on paying enhanced compensation , Modi said , political considerations should not come in the way of a solution that would facilitate development of rural areas , and greater prosperity for farmers .
Admitting that the Demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public , Modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term .
While enlisting the measures taken by his government for the welfare of the farmers , a combative Modi told the gathering , you would have seen in the recent past , there is attack on me all the time .
I live for the farmers , Modi said as he appealed to the agriculture community to make ample use of the crop insurance scheme as it will help them during the time of crisis .
The Pmfby has expanded the insurance cover to crop loss due to hailstorm , land slide and inundation of farms , Modi said adding the scheme would also extend to Post-Harvest losses due to cyclonic and unseasonal rains .
A BJP government in Bihar will help us work seamlessly to create jobs for the youth , look after our farmers and ensure overall development , which is the antidote to every single problem , Modi said , to rapturous applause .
It is not only the GST but many Pro-Poor steps are stuck in parliament , PM Modi said at a function .
Prime Minister Modi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Expressing concern over the spate of farmer suicides across the country , Modi said that the banks should be more considerate towards the debt ridden farmers .
Modi , who was replying to a debate on the motion of thanks to the president 's address , said his government wanted to make changes in the land act passed during the upa tenure because all the chief ministers had said it was against farmers ' interest and hampered development and infrastructure creation .
Speaking after laying the foundation stone for the helicopter manufacturing facility of the Hindustan aeronautics limited at Bidarehalla Kaval in Gubbi Taluk of Tumakuru district on Sunday , Modi said that the country had achieved self-sufficiency in food production due to hard work of farmers and it was now time to become self sufficient in meeting defence needs .
Black money fight against big people , not small traders : Pmghaziabad , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 20:13 Istprime minister Modi today said the government 's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big Babus and that small traders need not worry .
Earlier in his address to the nation over radio , Modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an article of faith for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so .
We will fix the MSP of crops incorporating 50 profit in farmers cost of production including seed , irrigation , manure , and labour , Modi had said at a rally in Pathankot on April 25 , 2014 .
Prime Minister Modi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the Aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government , particularly in agriculture , rural housing and railway sectors .
According to a note being circulated by the Department of economic affairs within the government , Modi has asked the officials to seek Aiib fund particularly for Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana ( prime ministers agricultural irrigation scheme ) or Pmksy , rural housing programme and some projects in railway sector on priority .
Modi said President Karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture , information technology and energy .
If BJP forms government in up , Modi said , I promise you we will form a special task force to ensure that lands looted from farmers and middle-class people would be restored .
It is because this sp government does not want to do justice to farmers , since it is hell bent on destroying the state , it is furthering Favouritism and Casteism and is interested in Vote-Bank politics , Modi claimed .
Tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform , Modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the NDA .
Modi said the opposition was welcome in criticising and finding faults , if any , in the implementation of initiatives taken by his government as he listed a number of programmes , including for farmers , youth and other sections of the society .
Urging the members to help the country move forward and help double the farmers ' income by 2020 , Modi said , I am not an economist like Dr Manmohan Singh .
Prime Minister Modi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently , also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial Drought-Prone areas .
At a workshop for party MPs , Modi asked them to flag the contrast between the Pro-Poor measures taken by the upa and his government , giving an overview of various initiatives and bold decisions taken by the Bjp-Led Coalition for the welfare of the poor and farmers since it came to power at the centre last year .
I have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022 , Modi said .
Mangaluru : December 8 , 2016 , Dhns 0:09 Ista month after Demonetisation , getting change a problem for Citizensit will be one month on Thursday since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at ATMs has been increased to RS 2,500 per day by the RBI .
This is what Prime Minister Modi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here .
Modi said people who can not endorse action against corruption and black money were relentlessly searching for faults with his government .
Modi said he was aware of the problems being faced by the people Post-Demonetisation .
Elaborating on his fate line comment , Modi said the tunnel will greatly benefit the people of Kashmir , particularly the farmers who would suffer losses because their produce like fruits and vegetables would perish due to prolonging of their journeys from the valley to other parts of the country .
Describing the channel as an open University , Modi said : Kisan TV channel is a channel where both the teacher and the student are farmers .
Ahead of the summit , Prime Minister Modi has said that India 's areas of focus in Africa will continue to be human resource development , institution building , infrastructure , clean energy , agriculture , health , education and skill development .
Modi in his independence day speech had said that the government 's efforts to deal with the menace of black money were working and people have declared undisclosed income of about RS 6,500 crore .
Modi to stress on black money at G-20 Summitnew Delhi , Nov 11 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:29 Istprime minister Modi on Monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the G-20 summit in Australia .
A key issue for me ( at the G-20 summit ) would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money , Modi said , a day before he is scheduled to leave New Delhi for a Nine-Day-Long tour to Myanmar , Australia and Fiji , where he is likely to meet over 40 leaders from Asia , Africa , Europe , North America , South America and Pacific region both in multilateral format as well as on the sideline of the conclaves .
We can 'Clean ' India : Modimumbai , Nov 20 , 2016 , Dhns 1:09 Istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time , Prime Minister Modi said on Saturday night , sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the Mega-Drive against black money and corruption .
Modi said that these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government was a taking a number of steps to address them , said a press release from the prime ministers office .
Farmers ' income should double in six years : Modibhubaneswar , Feb 22 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:42 Istthe NDA government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday .
By 2022 when the country would be celebrating the 75th year of its independence , the income of an Indian farmer should be more than two times what he is earning now , Modi said while addressing a farmers rally in Bargarh town in Odisha .
These can be converted into opportunities if you ( farmers ) help me and states implement the various schemes properly , Modi said .
Underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , the 75th independence of the country , Modi said , from this land of Uttar Pradesh , I urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes .
Responding to allegations on the governments failure to bring back black money , Modi said had the upa government set up the special investigation team ( sit ) in 2011 as per a Supreme Court directive , the process would have started by now .
With figures to show Congress governments underperforming on socially key projects , Modi said the NDA has stemmed the negative tide but was not allowed to work as the opposition was blocking some legislations like the GST bill which is conceived by the United progressive alliance .
Hitting back at Singh , who had called Demonetisation an organised loot and Legalised plunder , Modi said , he ( Manmohan ) had perfected the art of bathing under a shower with raincoat on and so there was no blot on him despite all the scams that occurred during his tenure .
Maken also recalled that Prime Minister Modi , during his Lok Sabha election campaign , had said that if the black money is brought back , each citizen will have RS 15 lakh while home minister Rajnath Singh , who was then BJP president , had promised to bring back black money within 100 days .
Reap crop insurance benefit : PM Modibelagavi : Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers , said prime minister Modi , as he set out to explain details of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana at a farmers convention in Belagavi on Saturday .
Modi said the scheme has been brought into effect after rectifying shortcomings in the earlier version and appealed to farmers to avail of its benefits .
Addressing the convention organised by the Bharatiya Janata party at the Angadi Institute of technology and management , Modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover .
Now , we want to ensure 50 of the farmers avail the insurance , said Modi .
Modi said that the RS 1,540 crore the centre had released as compensation to farmers who suffered losses during the Kharif season in Karnataka , was not credited to their accounts till the union government applied pressure .
At the meeting of the BJP parliamentary party here , Modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by Congress-Ruled States and their chief ministers .
Modi said the bridge would open new road for the high- quality ginger grown by farmers of the region and improve their economic condition .
The SCO has a rich agenda for cooperation , ranging from fighting terrorism , separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity , commerce , customs , law , health and agriculture ; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk , and fostering people-to-people relations , Modi said in a pre-departure statement .
The misery of artisans like Hakak ended when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 .
Modi said girls were today doing well in sports , in education and health sectors , and contributed significantly even in agriculture .
Because , if a farmer joins the scheme , he will get a huge help during a natural calamity , Modi said .
On the moves to amend the land acquisition act passed in 2013 during the upa rule , Modi again said rumours were being circulated that compensation to farmers is being reduced .
New Delhi , Aug 15 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 10:31 Istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money , Prime Minister Modi today said RS 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'Side effects ' .
Modi said that immediately after coming to power in May last year , the BJP government constituted a special investigation team ( sit ) on black money and later enacted a black money ( undisclosed foreign income and assets ) and imposition of tax act , 2015 .
I have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022 , Modi said .
This ( agriculture ) is an area where India and the bank can fruitfully join hands , Prime Minister Modi said while formally opening the 52nd African Development Bank 's ( Afdb ) annual event on Tuesday .
'I have launched an initiative to double farmers ' incomes by 2022 , said PM Modi .
What they have done in the name of loan waiver for farmers will go down in history as one of the most cruel jokes on farmers , Modi had said at a rally recently .
Talking about Demonetisation , Modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man , but it is Congress which felt the pinch .
This scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency , Modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries .
On Demonetisation , Modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken Congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
A CAG report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it , Modi said at a rally at Vijaypur in Jammu .
Describing how his government was following Sardar Patels principles of unity , Modi said GST ( one nation one tax ) , one nation one grid , E-Nam and Bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new India .
The panel held detailed discussions with stakeholders on Tuesday and another seven days have been given for the feedback before the final draft will be sent to the GST Council , comprising union and state finance ministers , Modi said .
Although the detailed content of forms was yet to be finalised , Modi said adequate time will be given to GST network , which provides the it backbone , as well as businesses for transition .
Returns are the soul of GST and credit is based on that , Modi said .
Modi said the panel will deliberate on the details for rolling out the reverse charge mechanism in the first week of May , with the time table and the coverage to be decided .
Say 'Yes to digital payment , no to cash ' : PM Modi in a fresh push towards digital payments , Prime Minister Modi on Thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money .
Talking to his crackdown on black money , Modi said three lakh companies had shut their shops after the note ban , that too without any backlash .
Prime Minister Modi , while addressing Kisan Morcha Karyakartas of Karnataka through Modi ( Namo ) app , said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer 's condition .
A sensitive government , which works for the development of farmers , is needed in the state , Prime Minister Modi said .
Addressing a rally in up 's Ghazipur on Saturday , Modi had said loan waivers were a lollipop and accused Congress of cheating farmers through doles that benefited only 800 farmers .
In an indirect but obvious reference to Nehru , Modi said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming .
He used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming , due to which the community faced hardship , Modi said , without naming Nehru .
Today , the GST system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 items will attract the Sub-18 GST slab , Modi said at an event in Mumbai on Tuesday .
On criticism that Demonetisation was a shock to the system , Modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed .
According to information accessed from the registrar of companies ( RoC ) , in the year after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off , the fifth most in the country after Delhi and Maharashtra , Andhra Pradesh-Telangana and Tamil Nadu .
On criticism that Demonetisation was a shock to the system , Modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed .
In a televised address , Modi said that every Msme in the 100 selected districts and which are registered under goods and services tax ( GST ) would be given a rebate of 2 interest on the amount of a new loan or incremental loan of up to RS 1 crore .
Modi claimed the government had made tall promises to farmers , but was now offering only lollipops .
I am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local Tribals here , Modi said .
Though the opposition criticised it as a small initiative , it should share what it contributed to farmers when it was in power , said prime minister Modi 's brother Modi , vice-president , all India fair price shop dealers federation , during his visit to the Sri Krishna mutt on Wednesday .
However , Modi told NDA leaders to focus on positives like Indias progress on several fronts , including its jump in the ease of doing business ratings , and reform measures such as GST to underline his governments efficient handling of the economy .
Patna : senior BJP functionary Modi on Tuesday said Rajesh Agrawal , the chartered accountant of Mishail Packers and printers Pvt Ltd , an alleged shell firm run by Rjd chief Lalu Prasad 's eldest daughter Misa Bharti and her husband Shailesh Kumar , has confessed to enforcement Directorate ( Ed ) that he had converted black money to the tune of RS 1 .
The software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and Aadhaar card details of beneficiaries , forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain , Modi said .
During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
Addressing a gathering at fintech festival in Singapore , PM Modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities , adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy .
Modi said through Aadhaar and cellphones , his government has launched Jan Dhan Yojana and opened 330 million new bank accounts in three years .
Referring to the show of strength by various political parties at the swearing-in ceremony of Karnataka chief minister H D Kumaraswamy , Modi said , the fear of our government 's move to crack down on black money has brought many to a common platform .
Modi also said the Poorvanchal and Bundelkhand Expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity .
Taking a dig at farm loan waiver schemes in Rajasthan and MP where Congress had won in recent state elections , PM Modi said these Agri schemes had fallen flat .
The schemes announced on Friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers , PM Modi claimed .
During the interaction , Modi asked both railways and Department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks , especially using the Bhim app .
After beginning his speech in Yavatmal in the local Banjara dialect , paying tributes to the Communitys saints like Sevalal and speaking for a while in Marathi , Modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the Rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of Rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension .
During his political address at Churu , Modi said that under the scheme , 1 crore small farmers had received RS 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts .
Modi said up , Tamil Nadu Maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits .
I will humbly ask the CM Ashok Gehlot to provide the required information in the interest of farmers , said Modi .
Using his personal app to connect with the Partys Kisan Morcha leaders in Karnataka , Modi asked his party workers to propagate several Farmerfriendly schemes introduced by his government over the past four years .
The turnover limit for registration under goods and services tax ( GST ) has been increased from RS 20 lakh to RS 40 lakh , Modi said .
Addressing a farmers rally which coincided with the 75th birthday of BJP state president B s Yeddyurappa , Modi told the massive crowd : this SEEDA Rupaiyya Sarkar should not be allowed to continue even for a minute .
Criticising Congress poll promise of farm loan waiver as a trick to deceive the people , Modi said such schemes had failed to help farmers in the long run .
Pm-Kisan , which will involve a cost of RS 75,000 crore , will eventually enable farmers to increase their income , Modi claimed , adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts .
As refunding is a big issue , the Gstn decided on complete online refunding from September 24 this year from a single source , either by the central GST or state GST , Modi said .
Describing how his government was following Sardar Patels principles of unity , Modi said GST ( one nation one tax ) , one nation one grid , E-Nam and Bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new India .
Remembering may 1857 as the month in which Indians displayed their strength against the British , and the youth and farmers stood up against injustices , as also for being the month and year in which Savarkar was born , Modi said , a wonderful account about Savarkarji has been given by our dear honourable Atal Bihari Vajpayeeji .
Pm Modi said the budget for a 'New India ' has a roadmap to transform the agriculture sector of the country .
Hailing farmers , Modi said Lakhs of them from across India came together , gave their tools , parts of their land in order to build the statue .
I am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local Tribals here , Modi said .
But , Modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation .
In milk city Anand , Modi said , before six years , Supreme Court had asked the then government to form a sit to find out the sources of black money .
Prime Minister Modi had said that after Demonetisation , terrorism will stop but it has not happened .
Reiterating his government 's commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022 , Modi said that this requires to focus on fisheries , animal husbandry , horticulture , fruits , and vegetables .
We should have sustainable agricultural production and work towards removing regional imbalances , said Modi .
The success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern India and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality , said Modi .
When poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment , now they ( middlemen ) have started spreading new rumours , Modi said .
He said today : Modi said , 'I will change the life of farmers ' .
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
Hemant said initially prime minister Modi had said that his government would safeguard farmers ' land , but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland .
( PTI ) presenting an early budget will have certain advantages and the move is part of prime minister Modi Modi 's economic reforms after Demonetisation , BJP leader Modi said today .
Agriculture Patna : deputy chief minister Modi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution .
Sanjeev Kumar Vermasushil Kumar Modipatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes , ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers ' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018 .
) seeking to woo the farmers , who are angry for not getting remunerative price for their produce , Modi said the Congress model of development was hand pumps while the BJP built pipelines so huge that Congress leaders can drive their Maruti cars through them .
New Delhi , June 11 : prime minister Modi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and University-Farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise .
Emphasising the importance of increasing farm productivity , Modi said there was a need to use modern technique in agriculture because farm land was shrinking with the rising population .
Nobody , not this government , not you , not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad , Modi said in the second episode of his radio talk , Mann Ki Baat .
Modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the Digidhan movement for digital payments .
Earlier , interacting with farmers across the country through videoconference , Modi told a woman who also runs self-help groups in Bengals South 24-Paragans to mount pressure on the Mamata Banerjee government to submit a list of small and marginal farmers .
You mount pressure on the government so that the farmers of Bengal are not deprived of the scheme , Modi told the woman .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the note ban on November 8 last year , and Rjd chief Lalu Prasad on Monday said the decision destroyed the country 's economy .
Modi said the return of black money into the banking system had brought along with it a treasure trove of data that would help his government punish wrongdoers .
Modi said the Congress , which ruled the country for decades , with one family in power for most part , neglected the poor and farmers .
Lalu said that Modi may claim that it was his bold decision but in reality , Demonetisation has taken the country back by many years .
10 ( PTI ) : the GST Council on Friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent , Bihar deputy chief minister Modi said .
But the GST council has further pruned 12 more items , Modi said .
( PTI ) Kullu/Palampur : prime minister Modi has said that Effigy-Burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money , alluding to the Congress 's call for protests on November 8 , the first anniversary of the Demonetisation .
Modi said the note ban had disturbed the sleep of Congress leaders and their anger had not cooled .
Officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the Calcutta police area since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of the two categories of notes on November 8 .
Modi , who is also the state finance minister , has said the delay in resolving the issue might create difficulties in implementing goods and services tax ( GST ) .
Modi said GST would help to achieve the government 's aim of empowering the poor .
Modi , during his Lok Sabha poll campaigns , had repeatedly announced that he would ensure adequate price to the farmers for their produce .
Modi said that India had become the world 's fastest-growing economy thanks to some of his government 's initiatives , such as the abolition of 1,000-Odd archaic laws , push for the goods and services tax , and the constitution of commercial courts .
Modi said that under the BJP government 's direct benefit transfer scheme , Pm-Kisan , RS 75,000 crore would be allocated annually .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the note ban on November 8 last year , and Rjd chief Lalu Prasad on Monday said the decision destroyed the country 's economy .
As early as 11am , the state bank of India ( SBI ) ATM at Bomikhal had run out of cash , reminding the kiosk 's security guard of the initial days after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
In an interview to Ani , Modi said his government wanted to impose a 5 per cent GST on all classes of residential properties , completed or under construction .
Modi said that GST , which aims to bind 1 .
Highlighting Modi governments failure in almost all sectors , Mamata said : Modi said Demonetisation would bring down terrorism , instead it had grown during his tenure .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
Earlier this week , Prime Minister Modi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-Per-Cent or less GST slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , 2016 , chief minister Nitish Kumar was among the few None-Bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering Anti-Bjp forces .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Friday said Bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector .
The mother-son Duo should not forget that it was due to the Demonetisation that several shell companies were busted and because of this , your company was caught , Modi said .
The Demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development , Modi said , pointing towards the crowd .
Modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions , but would potentially double tourism in the state .
Modi said after Demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new Provident fund accounts were opened .
India and Israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture , technology and security , Modi said at a joint media event with Netanyahu .
They used farmers , while we work for farmers , Modi said , adding that the government of those people used loan waivers as a tool to win polls .
Black money used to be parked in the real estate sector , but with decisions like note ban and Rera , we put a check to it , Modi said .
The Reserve Bank of India had warned the government about Demonetisation hours before prime minister Modi announced the move on November 8 , 2016 , Congress leader Jairan Ramesh said at a press conference on Monday .
In his television address , Modi had said : honest citizens want this fight against corruption , black money , Benami property , terrorism and counterfeiting to continue .
In an address to the nation on December 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption , black money , terror funding and fake currency .
Do n't evaluate me only on Demonetisation and GST ; we brought economic reform , built toilets , brought electricity to 18,000 villages , Modi had said in an interview to Zee news .
Picture by Nagendra Kumar Singhpatna : all Bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years , deputy chief minister Modi said on Wednesday .
Terming his government as Pro-Farmer and Pro-Poor , Modi said : We are a committed government .
Notebandi ( Demonetisation ) , prohibition and goods and services tax ( GST ) were very courageous steps , but many times I feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than Demonetisation , deputy chief minister Modi said at De-Addiction day celebrations in Patna in the presence of Nitish and prohibition , excise and registration minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav .
79 million followers and other Twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against Demonetisation , which prime minister Modi had announced on November 8 last year .
Deputy chief minister Modi , who is in charge of the commercial taxes department , had announced in August the possibility of convenience centres for traders ' ease in filing GST returns .
On the Pro-Farmer initiatives in the budget , Modi claimed that for many years , initiatives had been taken for peasants but many of them never came under the ambit of these schemes .
Picture by Nagendra Kumar Singhpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers , artisans and entrepreneurs to North-eastern States for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries .
The 14 per cent growth in commercial taxes is assured and if it drops due to GST , the centre will compensate the loss , Modi said .
Modi said the Demonetisation -- -- which has made the BJP unpopular , particularly in the rural areas -- - had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the Congresss corruption .
Demonetisation , doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent India that shook the entire nation , was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister Modi had claimed India would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days .
In last week of December , during the Demonetisation period , Prime Minister Modi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all .
Dipak Mishrapatna : opposition parties are gearing up to observe November 8 - which marks a year since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation - as black day .
On November 8 last year , Prime Minister Modi announced the decision to Demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption .
At the Jammu rally , Modi claimed that the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi , under which farmers with two hectares of Cultivable land or less would get RS 6,000 a year , as announced in the budget , had no precedent .
In all , RS 75,000 will be transferred to farmers accounts , no broker or middlemen involved , Modi said .
Modi claimed that the waivers announced by the Congress governments in the states would benefit a maximum of 20 to 30 per cent farmers , while his scheme would reach 90 to 95 per cent farmers .
After Modi announced the Demonetisation last year , Haasan had tweeted that this has to be lauded transcending party lines .
On a day 's visit to the Purvanchal region , his second trip to Uttar Pradesh this month , Modi claimed that the JD ( s ) -Congress coalition government , which came to power in Karnataka recently , had waived only 800 farm loans .
Modi said the country had faced two consecutive years of drought , pushing vegetable prices up .
5 ( PTI ) : underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance , Prime Minister Modi today asked G20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders , unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt .
Modi said his drive against black money had caused consternation among his enemies and made them come on a common platform .
During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
Referring to the change in the budget dates , Modi said it was in the interest of India 's predominantly rural economy to prepare the budget immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year .
In his November 8 speech announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-Rupee notes in their bank accounts till March 31 .
Modi said before claiming the reason was his fight against black money .
Banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since Modi announced Demonetisation would boost Treasury gains , given lenders own around half of government debt .
Ghazipur ( up ) : pummelling the Congress and other parties which are opposing Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said the corrupt were upset while the poor were enjoying a sound sleep after his decision and urged people to bear some inconvenience to root out graft .
After Demonetisation , the poor are enjoying a sound sleep while rich are running from pillar to post to buy sleeping pills , Modi said as he tried to rally public support in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , picking up from where he left yesterday in his speeches laced with emotion and aggression in GOA and Belagavi .
Defending the decision on Demonetisation , Modi said the menace of fake currency could not have been checked if such a big offensive was not initiated .
Modi asked Hollande to forget the RS 526 crore deal and instead take RS 1,600 crore and give the contract to Anil Ambani Modi put RS 30,000 crore in Anil Ambanis pocket and just RS 17 for farmers families in India .
Modi said he wanted to fight against black money so that ordinary citizens get RS 15 lakh each but what came was RS 3 .
New Delhi : prime minister Modi on Sunday announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking , mobile banking and e-wallets .
In his monthly radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
Modi claimed that while all political parties stood together on the issue of corruption , both Mayawati and SP patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav were both angered by his note ban decision .
Mayawati and Mulayam Singh who were opposed to each other , came together on one issue when I waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet , Modi said .
In his address at 'Future India : science and technology at the science Congress ' , Modi said , today 's new slogan is Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan , Jai Vigyan and Jai Anusandhan .
Modi also said that food processing , dairy , agriculture and the related areas , including their supply chain , have a lot of scope for cooperation .
Modi said that his governments journey toward developing India is built on investments in infrastructure , agriculture , manufacturing and services .
Follow our full election coverage hereto win over the disgruntled farmers , Modi announced an annual cash payment of RS 6000 in three equal installments to as many as 120 million farmers .
Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year , and said it was aimed at checking fake currency .
Prime Minister Modi , in a sudden address to the nation on Tuesday , announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 denomination notes are being withdrawn from midnight and will now become mere paper .
Modi said this was being done to tackle the menace of black money in the country , which has sapped the economy .
Prime Minister Modi , while announcing the Demonetisation decision on November 8 , had said that the move would curb Blackmoney Besides getting other positive results .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi in a surprise move announced Demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then , long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies .
In his meeting with top revenue department officials yesterday , Modi said the GST council would need to have intensive meetings to be able to make timely recommendations relating to its mandate , including proposals relating to model GST laws , GST rates , goods and services that may be subjected to or exempted from GST .
Whether it is the ration of the poor of the country , and of poor farmers , or deals relating to defence of the country , whoever has taken Commission , their numbers are coming down one after other , Modi said .
Indian prime minister Modi on November 8 had announced the Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
Also read | punish Congress for treachery against farmers , honest taxpayers , says Pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with LPG connections under the centre 's Ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months , Modi said , adding , all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all .
Maen Desh Ke kale Dhan Ke Neeche Garibon Ke Dabne Nahi Doonga ( I will not allow black money to crush the poor ) , Modi told the parliamentary party meeting of the BJP on Tuesday morning .
And at a BJP parliamentary party meeting , Modi said his government had given prominence to Janshakti ( peoples power ) over Rajshakti ( state power ) through the Demonetisation decision .
Speaking about the power of unity , Modi said , in August 2016 , parties having intense political rivalry , parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other , all came together to pass the GST bill .
Inaugurating the first international Agro-Biodiversity Congress here in the National Capital , Prime Minister Modi said it was high time that the stakeholders in the agriculture sector change the way they look at preserving the Agro-Biodiversity and its inhabitants .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
( PTI ) Mumbai : prime minister Modi who paid floral tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur , said the Bhim Aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new India that Dr Ambedkar had envisaged .
51 billion ) of undeclared black money , including 670 billion rupees in the recent income disclosure scheme , since his government came to power in 2014 , Modi said .
A total of RS 450 crore had been deposited in the branch since November 8 , the day prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1 .
While acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post December 30 , Jaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before November 8 , when Prime Minister Modi announced the so-called Demonetisation .
Replying to a query about opposition parties attacking the government over the issue , he said , Prime Minister Modi while announcing the decision to invalidate RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 had said there will some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement , PM said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money .
The move had branded 86 per cent of the currency in circulation black money and everyone a criminal , he said adding when Modi announced the plan it was expected that adequate arrangements would be made for dispensing new notes .
In this year budget we have introduced a new scheme PM Kishan Sanman Nidhi , under which an amount of RS 6000 will be deposited to the account of the farmers per year who have only five acres of Cultivable land in order to support them , Modi said and assured all possible support to the state .
The number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how Demonetisation affects sector , for which we have to wait till the financial year end , said Modi , president of Federation of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh Chamber of commerce and industry ( Ftapcci ) , who runs an SME .
Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday night announced the surprise Demonetisation of higher denomination notes .
Why they do n't help farmers in distress , Modi said addressing an election rally at Rohaniya , on the outskirts of his parliamentary constituency Varanasi .
By Ptileh : attacking the Congress over its promise of farm loan waiver , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday that the party uses the measure only to win elections .
Cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it , Modi said at a rally at Vijaypur here .
In his speech at a function in Pune , Modi said , enemies took advantage of the 14 lakh crore of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes in circulation .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the Demonetisation , effective that midnight , of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
Prime Minister Modi while announcing the Demonetisation decision on November 8 had said there will be some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out .
Praising Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , Prime Minister Modi said , cm @ Chouhanshivraj , who has revolutionised agriculture sector in MP , will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers .
By Uninew Delhi : the GST Council of state finance ministers began on Saturday and may look into the issue of filing of returns and the refund processes for small and mid-size businesses and reach a consensus on taxation as prime minister Modi had announced that 99 per cent of 1,200 goods and services would be brought under 18 per cent slab or less .
Also read | GSP , trade tariffs 'Already happened ' , time to move on , PM Modi tells Trumpin his opening remarks here , Prime Minister Modi said that the trilateral meeting in Osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues .
I am getting your invaluable support for the second cleanliness drive , Modi said referring to the Demonetisation decision of his government aimed at tackling black money , corruption and terror funding as he addressed the global citizen festival here .
Modi also said the government was committed to double farmers ' income .
On the second day of the summit here , Modi said : fighting corruption , black money and tax evasion were central to effective financial governance .
Long queues have been seen outsides banks since prime minister Modi announced scrapping of banknotes of RS 500 and RS 1,000 to curb black money .
On the Pm-Kisan scheme , under which RS 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land , Modi said after the Lok Sabha polls , the five-acre condition would be removed , and more Cultivators would be covered .
Kumar had unambiguously praised Demonetisation hours after Prime Minister Modi announced the move on November 8 evening , even though the two other ruling allies in Bihar Rjd and Congress had been critical of it .
Stating the move was essential in the fight against black money , Modi said the public could deposit their old notes at banks or post office accounts till December 30 .
On black moneys link to terrorism , Modi said that enemies from across the border were running their operations using fake currency notes .
Emphasising that the move destroyed the economy , lives and livelihoods , CPI ( M ) general secretary Sitaram Yechury said : Modi and his minions claimed Demonetisation will end black money , finish corruption , terminate terrorism , and bring only digital transactions .
Modi and his minions claimed Demonetisation will end black money , finish corruption , terminate terrorism , and bring only digital transactions .
Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of the RS 500/1000 notes on the night of November 8 .
We will take more action under the Benami act against those who are hoarding black money in kind and properties , Modi said to the thumping of the desks by the Treasury benches .
December 25 , 2016In this year 's last radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
Today , I want to thank farmers of Gujarat for accepting my vision of conserving water through sprinklers , drip irrigation and micro irrigation tools , which significantly brought up ground water levels , said Modi .
Minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju said there has been a big impact in attempts to pump in fake Indian currency notes ( Ficn ) into the country and no such incident was reported ever since prime minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation decision .
We have agreed to enhance our engagement in several areas including in agriculture , renewable energy , and power sector , said Modi in a joint address to the media with Suu Kyi .
In his rally at Moradabad today , Modi said he was being targeted for cracking down on those with black money .
On implementation of Demonetisation process , Prime Minister Modi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in TV bytes and not debates .
A day after Prime Minister Modi announced ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money , the government had on November 9 said no toll fee would be collected on national highways till November 11 mid-night .
The government is willing to discuss all issues and answer the questions raised by the opposition , Modi said , hoping for a fruitful session as he recalled the passage of the GST bill in the last session with the cooperation of all parties .
The loan waiver was given to only 800 farmers , Modi had claimed .
2 billion biometric Identities- Aadhaar or Foundation- in just a few years , Modi said at the event .
Data showed black money holders started Couriering cash just two days after Prime Minister Modi announced the invalidation of the higher denominations .
There were 17,165 million pieces of RS 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of RS 1,000 notes in circulation on November 8 , 2016 , the day prime minister Modi announced Demonetising the two high denomination notes .
Attacking the Congress at a public meeting at upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi 's home turf , Modi said the party neither bothered about Jawans nor farmers .
Co/G1Usbs8Jia Modi ( @ Narendramodi ) December 16 , 2018Hitting out at the Karnataka government where the Congress is an alliance partner , Modi said , the Congress has been speaking big things about loan waiver , but all of them are lies .
By Ptithimphu : prime minister Modi on Sunday said the students in Bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things , which will impact future generations , as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments .
Pointing out that India is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors , Prime Minister Modi said India is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers , from schools to space , digital payments to disaster management .
The government is willing to discuss all issues and answer the questions raised by the opposition , Modi said , hoping for a fruitful session as he recalled the passage of the GST bill in the last session with the cooperation of all parties .
Sharing India 's experiences in meeting common challenges such as uplifting farmers and the poor , financial access and building infrastructure , Modi said paying subsidies directly had helped his government save over $ 4 billion dollars in cooking gas .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi in a televised address to the nation had announced Demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes .
( photo | Ani ) Agra : prime minister Modi on Sunday said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as a sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Modi said after the poll results on March 11 BJP would celebrate Vijayi Holi and then after forming the government in the first cabinet meet it would waive off the loans of the farmers .
Taking a dig at Congress-Led Punjab government , Modi said , in Punjab too Congress has fooled farmers to grab power .
It has been three days since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , and people have been running helter-skelter to get their currency exchanged .
Van Dhan ( Forest-Based economy , Jan Dhan ( financial empowerment of the poor ) , and JAL Dhan ( water conservation to power irrigation of agriculture ) could be ethical , economical and an ecological mean of making India a nation to reckon with by 2022 on the world stage , Gadkari quoted Modi having told the conclave .
Last month on this date , Prime Minister Modi announced his battle against black money on national television by Demonetising , in one fell swoop , all RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
By Ptinew Delhi : the BJP government is sincerely working to solve the problems faced by farmers , who were treated merely as vote bank by previous governments , Prime Minister Modi said at the saffron party 's National Convention here Saturday .
The condition of farmers and agriculture at present is a result of decades of neglect by those ( previous governments ) who believed in shortcuts and treated the peasants as mere vote bank , Modi said .
Taking the nation by surprise , Prime Minister Modi on the night of November 8 announced Demonetisation of high-value notes with effect from midnight , in what he said was a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Thomas said the PAC has asked Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to come out with the exact number of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes which were Demonetised and deposited with banks after Prime Minister Modi announced the move on November 8 .
We would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with Kenyan farmers , Prime Minister Modi said in a statement following the talks .
New Delhi/Kolkata/Lucknow : with his government under opposition fire over Demonetisation both within and outside parliament , Prime Minister Modi has asked BJP MPs to publicise the benefits of the exercise and steps taken for mitigation of their problems .
Mr Shah also attacked former prime minister Manmohan Singh , alleging that Dr Singh used to say that minorities have a right on the country 's resources , however , Mr Modi said the first right on the country 's resources should be of Dalits , people from weaker sections and farmers .
Modi said if Sardar Vallabhai Patel had been the prime minister at the time , the condition of farmers would have been much better .
New Delhi : new measures to ease the impact of Demonetisation continued to trickle in on Wednesday even as prime minister Modi claimed that over 93 per cent of people who took his smartphone -based survey supported the move in his fight against black money .
So more black money will not be generated , Modi said in an interview to network 18 .
Stressing that all the political parties opposed to each other were together on the issue of corruption , Modi said both Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav had never been one of any issue but both were angry with him on his note ban decision .
Mayawati and Mulayam Singh who were opposed to each other , came together on one issue when I waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet , Modi said .
Jaitley and his team of officers in the finance ministry had their task cut out , especially after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of 50 days on November 8 , 2016 .
More than RS 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately RS 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers , it Addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding , Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced Demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by December end .
New Delhi : advocating for cashless transactions , the prime minister Modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
Bengalureans have been depending on various jugaad methods since the day prime minister Modi announced a surgical strike on black money .
The Gom has invited suggestions from industry and tax experts within a week , which will be incorporated in a report and tabled before the GST Council , Modi said .
In a week , a draft will be prepared and presented before the GST Council , which will take the final call on returns simplification , Modi said , adding that till the new system is implemented , Gstr-3B summary return form will continue .
During Afghan President Ashraf Ghani 's visit to India last week , Prime Minister Modi announced allocation of USD 1 billion to Afghanistan to meet requirements for capacity and capability building in spheres like education , health , agriculture , skill development , empowerment of women , energy , infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions .
It will also help farmers earn more , Modi said .
After prime minister Modi announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 currencies have no legal tender from midnight of November 8 , the black money holders have been finding various way to change their money into white .
With opposition parties alleging that top BJP leaders knew about Demonetisation in advance and protected their ill-gotten gains , Prime Minister Modi asked all his party MPs and union ministers to share their bank transaction details from November 8 to December 31 with party chief Amit Shah .
By Iansshahdol : stepping up his attack on the Congress and the Gandhi family , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said the Gandhis are crying even two years after Demonetisation as they have lost ill-gotten money .
Referring to the benefits of Demonetisation , Modi said , the money hidden by many people in their homes under their beds , in Almirahs and sacks has been brought back to banks .
New Delhi : as the central governments financial agencies are going behind the people using rogue bank accounts to park their black money ; prime minister Modi on Sunday said that action would be taken against those guilty under Benami law .
We will be talking about the steps taken up by the government in curbing black money , uniform civil code and lack of scams , Bihar deputy cm Modi said .
New Delhi : minutes after Prime Minister Modi announced the decision to ban RS 500 and Rs1,000 currency notes from midnight , people rushed to their nearest ATMs to withdraw RS 100 notes to meet their daily expenses .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Referring to recent rumours about shortage of salt in the country , Modi said this is being done by those whose black money is being rendered useless .
Prime Minister Modi tonight announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with effect from midnight , making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
The matter has been put on hold till GST Council decides on the issue , Modi said .
In a surprise move , Prime Minister Modi last night announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with effect from Wednesday to fight the menace of black money , fake currency , corruption and terror financing .
Taking a jibe at the SP and BSP , Modi said though they always bayed for each others blood , the adversaries were together on a common platform on the issue of the note ban .
It is looking for banks far and wide , Modi said in an apparent swipe at Thw BSP , which has come under scanner for alleged huge bank deposits post Demonetisation .
Ghaziapur : prime minister Modi on Monday said that the inconvenience faced by the common man due to Demonetisation will not go in vain .
Addressing his first public rally in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh post the Demonetisation drive , Modi said : I want to assure you that your inconveniences will not go in vain .
Only those holding huge stashes of untaxed black money need worry , Modi said .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the junking of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes and replaced the currency with new RS 2,000 and RS 500 notes .
In its efforts to fight the black money menace as well as curb corruption , Prime Minister Modi on November 8 last year announced cancelling old RS 500 and 1,000 notes .
New Delhi : prime minister Modi on Monday said that the goods and services tax bill was a very big and important step towards getting the country rid of tax terrorism .
Also , over RS 25,000 crore in cash was deposited in dormant bank accounts , while nearly RS 80,000 crore of repayment of loans was done in cash since November 8 , 2016 when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
Modi also said he used the bitter medicine of Demonetisation to bring back money into banking system and to give proper treatment to deep-rooted corruption system in the country .
Modi said that several measures have been taken for the farmers and poor and counted that the poor are getting better treatment under the Aayushman Bharat scheme and getting medicines at cheap rates .
Modi said opposition played all types of games in the last three months raking up issues like Demonetisation and surgical strike .
By Ptinew Delhi : hitting out at the opposition , Prime Minister Modi on Monday said nearly 8 crore fake beneficiaries were getting government aid during previous dispensations But opposition leaders have gathered now to abuse him as he has stopped their means of looting taxpayers ' money .
Citing his government 's schemes like Jan Dhan Yojana and Aadhaar , Modi said these efforts have saved more than RS 1,10,000 crore of public money from going to fake beneficiaries .
Bhachau : prime minister Modi today said the next generation should be taught to use water judiciously and advised farmers to use drip and sprinkler irrigation systems .
Chennai : the textile sector nearly hit a standstill during the first few weeks after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
Blaming the Bjd government for stonewalling the centres development initiatives , Modi said the state government denied Odisha farmers of 1 .
Our government is committed for the security as well as the prosperity of all sections of society , PM Modi said while enumerating several of the government schemes floated by the government over past five years for farmers , Tribals , nomads etc .
Addressing a rally ahead of the second phase of voting in Chhattisgarh on November 20 , Modi claimed the people did not have issues with Demonetisation , but only a family .
Modi said his government was investing the money recovered Post-Demonetisation on carrying out public works and funding welfare schemes .
Atms , which reopened two days after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of two biggest currency notes , had people queued up since early morning .
Had they fixed the minimum support price ( MSP ) of crops earlier , the farmers would not have fallen into the debt trap at all , said Modi adding that his government had taken initiatives including fixing MSP for 22 crops to double farmers income in the days to come .
While announcing the Demonetising the RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit them in banks .
Today , the GST system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 per cent things will attract the Sub-18 per cent GST slab , Modi had said .
In the next 100 days , Lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift , but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking , e-banking , Rupay card , UPI ( unified payment interface ) , USSD ( unstructured supplementary service data ) for digital payments , Modi said .
In a speech laced with barbs and humour , Modi said opportunities were given to those with black money to come clean .
After December 30 scheme ( the last date for depositing Demonetised notes ) if you feel that there will be no action , there is no guarantee that something new will not be introduced to punish you ( Thikane Lagane Ke Liye ) , Modi said .
Referring to his November 8 announcement cancelling the legal tender status of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said the government had not done it all of a sudden .
People are happy about the fact that even Modi 's RS 1,000 notes are not usable anymore , Modi said .
People used to say India can not be changed , we have successfully changed that thought itself , Modi said Whileclaiming that the country was taking big strides in every sphere from sports to space , healthcare to agriculture , economy and education .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , which formed about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation , with an aim to curb Blackmoney and corruption .
( PTI ) New Delhi : prime minister Modi today said the consensus on goods and services tax ( GST ) reflects the spirit of 'One nation , one aspiration , one determination ' .
Modi said the country had faced two consecutive years of drought , pushing vegetable prices up .
Modi at a rally in Agra yesterday said that political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by Demonetisation , indirectly referring to Mamata Banerjee .
Launching Pradhan Mantri Kisan Maan Dhan Yojana , Prime Minister Modi said that every farmer will get RS 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country .
Justifying the 2016 Demonetisation , Modi said it unearthed huge black money .
Modi said his government implemented the goods and services tax ( GST ) in larger public interest and to boost the nations tax collection .
Announcing relief for farmers , Modi said , government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop , central bank .
In a bid to promote digital transactions , Modi said , for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction , tax will be calculated at 6 per cent , not 8 .
Dropping hints that the government would reduce tax rates under GST , Prime Minister Modi said on Tuesday that 99 per cent things would be brought under GST slabs below 18 per cent .
Before the GST was rolled out , there were 65 lakh registered enterprises ; the number has risen by 55 lakh , Modi said .
A day after Prime Minister Modi announced ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money , government had on November 9 said that no toll fee would be collected on national highways till November 11 midnight .
Prime Minister Modi had announced on November 8 , 2016 that RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes , which constituted about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation , will cease to be legal tender .
Addressing a rally in Ambikapur in Chhattisgarh ahead of the second phase of voting on November 20 , Modi claimed people did not have issues with Demonetisation , but only a family .
Modi said Demonetisation would curb terrorism , but it is maximum under his government , she said .
Prime Minister Modi had claimed the decision ( note ban ) was targeted at black money hoarders .
Its been just over a month since prime minister Modi announced that RS 14 lakh crore worth of RS 500 and RS 1,000 denomination notes will be taken out of circulation , in a surprise move to unearth piles of illicit cash hoarded by the citizens via tax Non-Compliance/Evasion , corruption , criminal activities etc .
The left parties have compromised with their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders Jyoti Basu and Harkishan Singh Surjeet had supported the idea of Demonetisation , Modi said .
In a surprise move , Prime Minister Modi last night announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with effect from Wednesday to fight the menace of black money , fake currency , corruption and terror financing .
The opposition party also said that even prime minister Modi had claimed that the villages had become 'Drought free ' .
Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant said that Modi , speaking in the temple town of Shirdi on October 19 , said that 16,000 villages in Maharashtra have become Drought-Free thanks to the Jalyukt Shivar scheme .
Speaking at the CSIR 's platinum jubilee , Modi said that he looks forward to CSIR making an important contribution to the current governments mandate of doubling the income of the farmers income by 2022 , the year the country celebrates 75 years of its independence .
Says a banker who recounts the last ten days in his life , post Demonetisationfrom the minute prime minister Modi announced the breaking , heart-breaking ( for the hoarders ) and Nation-Shaking news on the fateful night of November 8 about the note ban , the banker in me became restless .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi announced the withdrawal of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Addressing a rally here , Modi said , my justice is a little 'Karak ' ( strong ) - referring to the Demonetisation move to uproot corruption .
Modi said the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash .
Bengaluru : Demonetisation has been the talk of every home , street and By-Lane of the country since prime minister Modi announced the withdrawal of RS 500 and RS 1000 notes on November 8 .
With regard to composition scheme for service providers , Modi said ( RS ) 50 lakh turnover & 6 tax rate for service providers in a new Compostion scheme in GST .
Demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector , Modi said , adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time .
Stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country 's economy , Modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government 's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced the government 's decision to withdraw legal tender status of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , a move aimed at eliminating black money and curbing terror financing .
In the video of the programme , which surfaced on media , Jalil is heard telling the crowd that Prime Minister Modi had said if he fails to end people 's woes within 50 days of Demonetisation , then he would be ready to face any punishment .
When prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation , he had said the new year would see new India .
New Delhi : the prime minister Modi on Tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the BJP that the decision on Demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption .
The common men suffered for 70 years on account of black money , corruption and terrorism , Modi said .
The poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money , counterfeit currency and corruption , said Modi .
Jaise Congress ne Desh Ko 'Gharibi Hatao ' Ke Naare Ke Saath Thaga , VO AB Desh Ko Karzmaafi Ke Naam par Thag Rahi Hai ( Congress , which cheated people with 'Eradicate Porverty ' slogan in the past , is cheating with loan waiver ) , Modi said the Congress in Punjab , too , had made big promises to farmers , but deceived them after coming to power .
Ever since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , there has been talks of a new denomination of currency possibly being introduced .
The Gom will meet one more time as there are issues to be discussed , including the benefits or losses to the Exchequer , Modi said , stating that the Gom will meet again in 10 days and finalise its view , which would then be recommended to the GST Council .
Prime Minister Modi , who wants to make doing business easier in India , has said India needed the tax reform to end widespread evasion by businesses and prevent officials from waging arbitrary tax terrorism .
Follow our election coverage hereon the issue of farm loan waiver , Nath said : PM Modi said that loans of farmers were not waived off .
The way Nitish Kumar has acted out of the dotted line of politics and supported surgical strike and Demonetisation , he can similarly play a historic role by adopting a constructive attitude on the Ayodhya issue , said Modi .
We are not like the Congress which will only pay lip-service to farmers but ignore their well-being whenever Congress is in power , farmers suffer , Modi said .
Citing media reports on loan waiver for farmers , Modi said in Karnakata , where the Congress-Jds coalition government is in power , only 800 farmers got mere benefits , is this a joke ?
In his closing remarks at the meet , Modi also said that corporate investment in agriculture is very low in India and urged the state governments to formulate policies to promote industry participation in the farm sector .
Speaking about Demonetisation , Modi said it was not an unexpected jolt , as the government had given warnings over a period of one year to hoarders of black money to declare their assets and pay penalties .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 notes , thereby withdrawing 86 per cent or RS . 14 lakh crore worth currency from circulation .
We have made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation , agricultural research and cyber security , Modi said .
In February 2016 , Prime Minister Modi had said farmers ' income would be doubled by 2022 to mark 75 years of India 's independence .
New Delhi : even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi told an all party meeting on Tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money .
According to the police , on November 8 when Prime Minister Modi announced the ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Neel sunder had prepared fake bills worth RS 28 crore which was accumulated from his other associates in the guise of converting black money for 30 percent commission .
Targeting the Samajwadi Party-Congress alliance , Modi said that till a few months back the Congress was taking out rallies across Uttar Pradesh and accusing the ruling Samajwadi party of corruption and neglecting farmers , but the two have now embraced each other .
Agra : in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Modi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
But , Modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation .
Modi , in his speech , said till a few months back the Congress was accusing the ruling the sp of corruption and neglecting farmers , but the two have now embraced each other .
Referring to the November 8 Demonetisation of `500 and `1,000 notes , Modi said he knew that people with ill-gotten wealth will become his enemies but the people are with him .
Kanpur : Lucknow : announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi said that all those using e-payments since November 8 , especially the small spenders , will be offered an incentive of RS 1000 .
Sharing the pain and miseries of the people are facing due to Demonetisation of high value currency notes , Modi said that history would not remember which prime minister enforced Demonetisation but it would certainly remember how the people fought war on black money braving all troubles .
Reiterating his governments commitment to the poor , farmer and women , Modi said keeping his promise over 1500 villages had received electricity during the last two and a half years .
Reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy , Modi said once black money is eliminated from the system , it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated .
It would be good if the banks make some arrangements to ensure smaller denomination notes are made available in Atms.Voicing similar opinion , Subitha Kumar from Shantinagar said , we have been struggling ever since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation .
Attacking former prime minister Manmohan Singh , who has been Unsparing in his criticism of Demonetisation , Modi said he advocated strong measures against corruption and black money but did nothing during his rule of 10 years .
Mr Modi said that his government stand by farmers and Jawans of the country and blamed Congress government for always Befooling them and never thinking about their welfare .
While announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till December 30 .
Mocking the BSP and the Samajwadi party , Prime Minister Modi said both came together against the Demonetisation scheme though they usually oppose each other on most topics .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it , parliamentary affairs minister Ananth Kumar told reporters after the meeting .
Kolkata : Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) on Friday alleged that the state 's BJP unit knew about the Demonetisation beforehand and deposited RS 1 crore in RS 1000 and RS 500 currency notes in the party account of a nationalised bank just hours before prime minister Modi announced scrapping of high value notes at 8 PM on Tuesday .
Our mantra is to provide education to boys and girls , income for youth , irrigation facility to farmers and medicines to elders , Modi said .
Modi said the Congress promised to waive farmers ' loans in Karnataka , but instead of doing so , issued warrants against peasants and sent them to jail .
In the coming times more steps will be taken against black money , said Modi .
Demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor , said Modi .
Modi said that his governments journey toward developing India is built on investments in infrastructure , agriculture , manufacturing and services .
What Jaitley is not telling you is that Modi did not even asked him about Demonetisation that is the way government of India is being run .
Guwahati : prime minister Modi on Friday announced a food processing scheme , Sampada to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers income .
It is for agro product value addition , Modi said after laying the foundation stone of an agriculture research institute in northern Assams Gogamukh .
The long-delayed GST constitution bill was passed by parliament on August 8 , marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister Modi said was crucial for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making consumer the king .
In Kanpur , Modi said Demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money .
Taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions , Modi said that while on one hand they claimed that Rajiv brought about the telecom revolution , on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions .
Modi said history would not remember which PM enforced Demonetisation but it would certainly recall how the people fought a war on black money .
Berlin : prime minister Modi today said India has already completed a sizable part of reforms and the historic goods and services tax ( GST ) regime will be rolled out from July .
Terming GST as the most historic reform in India , Modi said it will be implemented from next month in an apparent reference to the scheduled date of July 1 .
New Delhi : advocating cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
Modi said that while making the announcement to ban RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , he was aware that people will face inconvenience but I had requested the people of India to bear this short-term Painfor long-term gain .
Guwahati : prime minister Modi today said the Demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties ' constant efforts to turn people against it .
Modi , who was speaking at the centenary celebrations of the Karnataka Lingayat education society here , said his government did not want to trouble the honest , but would not spare the dishonest as he defended the fight against black money and promised more steps to tackle the menace .
Modi said a slew of decisions made by the GST council and efforts to make GST simpler are steps in that direction .
Terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence , Modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of September 30 , as stern action might be taken after that .
Praising the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government under Raman Singh in the state , Modi said it had ensured soil health cards for 75 lakh farmers , adding in a sarcastic vein that the Congress had failed to provide health cards to humans .
By express news Servicenew Delhi : days after Prime Minister Modi announced that GST on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower , the GST Council on Saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items .
By Aninew Delhi : the government is in favour of bringing construction related material in the 5 per cent slab of GST , Prime Minister Modi said on Tuesday , while informing that changes in the tax structure will continue as there is scope for improvement .
Talking about providing relief to traders , Modi said the central government wanted the tax liability slab to be raised from RS 20 lakh to RS 75 lakh but could not do this in the last GST council meeting as some states had reservations .
When referred to criticism of the GST by Gandhi , Modi asked whether GST processes have not been implemented through consensus with all political parties in the country .
Singling out the Gandhis for seeking account of Demonetisation , Modi asked whether the mother-son duo who are out on bail for financial irregularities would give him certificate of honesty .
Alluding to Rajiv Gandhi 's remark , Modi said Demonetisation brought back the 85 Paise which were disappearing due to corruption .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it .
To be honest , even December and January was good , but there were few sectors in which industries like Hindustan Unilever and others saw a decline because of Demonetisation but the trend now is upwards , said Modi , president , federation of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh chambers of commerce and industry ( Ftapcci ) .
Follow our election coverage Hereassuring the farmers in particular , Modi said : the NDA government , soon after being voted to power for a second time , will start working on priority to double the income of farmers by 2022 .
Addressing a rally at Bandra Kurla complex here , Modi said while his government has launched the war from day one of assuming power , on November 8 at 8 PM it stuck a fatal blow to corruption and black money hoarders in the form of Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes .
After that , the sufferings of the masses will lessen , and the real problems will begin for those handful of people indulging in corruption and black money hoarders , Modi said .
As far as search and seizure operations against black money hoarders is concerned , PM Modi had confidently said in a public rally : we knew and now they are being caught .
By Ianspalamau : in an obvious attack on the Congress , Prime Minister Modi on Saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans .
Again attacking the Congress , Modi said : the previous government first made the farmer take a loan and is now doing the drama of loan waiving .
Kobe : prime minister Modi on Saturday said he was aware of the hardship people were facing in India because of the Demonetisation move , but emphasized that it was necessary in the larger interests of the nation .
Addressing the Indian diaspora in Japan , Modi said people back home were hailing his decision of rendering RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes invalid but some of them were being prodded to speak against the government because of politics .
On the other hand , MP and former JD ( U ) president Sharad Yadav sits on a Dharna with Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , demanding a rollback of the Demonetisation decision , senior BJP leader Modi said .
Many ATMs , which reopened four days after Prime Minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of two higher value currency notes , ran out of cash in few hours , leaving people frustrated .
Since prime minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of high value currency notes on November 8 , there have been long queues outside banks and Atms.In his written communication to RBI and SBI , Prakash Chand ( controller of accounts - Pao ) said that Nowdays public was visiting the bank branches for withdrawal of money from their accounts and also depositing and exchanging their old notes .
Modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'Kala Dhan ' ( black money ) as well as 'Kale Mann ' ( Ill-Intentions ) of many .
Even as there were reports that BJP leaders would stay away from the wedding that has come at a time when Prime Minister Modi has announced war on black money , there was a lineup of leaders of the party at the event .
Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday announced Demonetization of RS 500 and 1000 currency notes with effect from midnight , making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Modi said in the past four years at the centre and 13 years in Madhya Pradesh , the BJP had worked for the uplift and empowerment of poor , farmers and deprived sections of society .
Modi also said that soil health cards were given to 14 crore farmers in the country , including 1 .
Prime Minister Modi said he is performing a Yagna against black money and corruption .
Speaking after releasing two books on constitution in New Delhi , Prime Minister Modi said those who are criticizing the Demonetisation move do n't have problem with the government 's preparedness , but they are having problems because they did n't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white .
While appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which Demonetisation has shaped , PM Modi in his speech said the following : the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop , central bank .
Prime Minister Modi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinet 's approval .
Speaking about the power of unity , Modi said , in August 2016 , parties having intense political rivalry , parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other , all came together to pass the GST bill .
Pm Modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how India has 'Soil cards ' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil .
During an emotional address to the people in GOA , Prime Minister Modi said he left his family and home to serve the nation and added that he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of currency notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor , Modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich .
The country , which was once referred to as a 'Golden bird ' , has now become just the opposite , Modi said addressing a public rally at parade grounds here and reiterated his commitment to take on the corrupt and black money .
Making an emotional appeal at a function in GOA in November 2016 , Modi had said there were certain forces up against him that may not let him live and destroy him due to his decision on Demonetisation .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 last year under which the old RS 500 and RS 1000 note were rendered illegal tender .
Despite those problems , Prime Minister Modi says his November 8 Demonetisation decree has succeeded in uncovering tax evasion and cracking down on graft .
Soon after Prime Minister Modi announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes would be scrapped , prices touched RS 32,500 ( 24 karat ) and RS 31,500 ( 22 karat ) .
Sushil Modi , who as finance minister of Bihar during NDA rule , had headed empowered committee on GST during upa rule , said the GST would do away with multiplicity of tax rates .
Besides , 10 taxes of state government like VAT , entry tax , luxury tax , entertainment tax etc would be included in state GST , Modi said .
Speaking after releasing two books on constitution in New Delhi , Prime Minister Modi said those who are criticizing the Demonetisation move do n't have problem with the government 's preparedness , but they are having problems because they did n't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white .
From seed to market , give all facilities to the farmers , Modi said .
Congratulating finance minister Arun Jaitley and his team , Modi said farmers , Dalits and tribal communities will gain from the budget .
New Delhi : hitting out at those accusing the government of not being prepared for Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi said they are actually pained that they themselves did not get time to make any preparation .
Speaking at a book launch event here -- a day after the opposition launched a massive attack on the government over the issue -- Modi said there has been little criticism of the Demonetisation decision .
Digital Pushpushing for digital transactions , Modi said , everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them .
New Delhi : vowing to carry forward the war against corruption and black money Post-Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said the government will soon Operationalise a strong law to effectively deal with 'Benami ' properties and this was just the beginning .
Prime Minister Modi told the NDA meet that the credit for Demonetisation will not go to him personally , but to all parties which stood with the govt , Naidu said .
New Delhi : even as BJP MPs hailing from Uttar Pradesh claimed that the momentum in favour of the saffron outfit was sliding ahead of the assembly elections due to Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said that the nation is above party interests .
Citing a book , Modi told BJP MPs that when then finance minister Y B Chavan went to Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and supported the recommendations on Demonetisation , she had asked if the Congress did not have to fight elections .
The left parties have compromised their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders Jyoti Basu and Harkishan Singh Surjeet had supported the idea of Demonetisation , Modi said .
In the 26th edition of Mann Ki Baat programme , Prime Minister Modi said , I know cashless economy is different .
The constitution 122Nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on August 8 , marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister Modi said was 'Crucial ' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'King ' .
In his speech announcing Demonetisation in November 2016 , Modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits .
We are fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022 , says PM Modi Modi .
Forget Demonetisation , I will keep taking tough actions , one after another , to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged , Modi said at a function in Jharkhands backward Sahebganj district .
Anta Poril Kola Dhonor Bepar ( the business of black money has come to end ) , Deshdrohir Uporot Poril Madho Mar ( traitors of the country have got beaten up ) , Anuprabeshkari Sokole Polabo Simapa ( infiltrators will have to flee across the border ) , Modi said as thousands cheered .
His plans were pushed back when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
In Modis home state of Gujarat a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016 , as Indiaspend reported in October 2016 a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship Crop-Insurance scheme , not 60-70 as Modi claimed .
Modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the BJP came to power in the state .
Many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation exercise on November 8 .
Modi said Fadnavis had provided political stability , social harmony , law and order opportunities for investment , better facilities for farmers and ensured benefits of central schemes for people of the state .
It was at the CMS initiative that I had accepted the post of chairman of the empowered committee of state FMS ( 2011-13 ) , which spearheaded the implementation of GST , said BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the PM crop insurance scheme , the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana , in 2015 .
Addressing a public rally in Guwahati , Modi said farmers were crucial to his vision of a new India where no area will remain undeveloped .
Prime Minister Modi said , the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run India but to create a new India , adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last Five-Years during which the youth , women , farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes .
Speaking in a public rally in GOA , a few days after announcing Demonetisation on 8 November , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi had asked for 50 days from the people of India for Note-Ban related hardships to Endit has been 100 days since Modi announced the scrapping of 86 of Indias currency in circulation .
The decision on Demonetisation is a movement to clean India , Modi told lawmakers .
Our government has brought the most comprehensive Fasal BIMA Yojana for the farmers , says Modi .
Modi also said it was important to tackle the trade deficit with China and appreciated the simplification of regulatory procedures by the Chinese side , especially for Non-Basmati rice , sugar , agricultural products and pharmaceuticals .
Prime Minister Modi announced the Demonetisation on November 8 , a decision that sucked out 86 of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and ATMs for cash .
26Pm : Modi says BJP promises greater prosperity for farmers , better education , skill development , better opportunities for youth , more industrial development , a positive eco-system for industrial growth , end to politics of dividing society and a safer state for women .
20Pm : Modi says that the five aspects of Congress rule are dynasty politics , corruption , rampant lawlessness , agrarian distress and division of society .
48Pm : the government will set up Gramin Haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces , says Modi .
On November 8 ( when Modi announced Demonetisation ) Modiji told you that I am your PM and listen to my Mann Ki Baat .
Last month , Prime Minister Modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings , post Demonetisation .
Modi said we will give RS 15 lakh in every bank account ( by bringing back black money stashed away abroad ) , but didnt even deposit RS 5 .
Its the law on black money , Modi said in Bhopal .
Wannacry doesnt look like something that will affect the ATMs , unlike personal or corporate endpoints , said Modi , the CEO and co-founder of Lucideus .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
Modi said the budget had focussed on womens empowerment , the housing sector and agriculture .
Modi said that the Demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means .
He ( Badal ) is the living legend who stood up and fought for the interests of farmers throughout his life , Modi said .
96 lakh in Malda district since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 2016 culling 86 of the currency in circulation on November 8 last year .
It was this deposit made three days after Prime Minister Modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-Rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities , who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the November 8 Demonetisation announcement .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it , parliamentary affairs minister Ananth Kumar told reporters after the meeting .
Once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres , Modi said .
A day before , on Tuesday , Modi while speaking at Lok Sabha ( the lower house ) said that the Note-Ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape .
Coming back to Demonetisation , Modi said that cashless would take India step-by-step , slowly in the direction of a clean economy .
The ruling BJP does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern , and prime minister Modi announced a separate ministry for water called JAL Shakti .
Prime Minister Modi had recently said the new Uttar Pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on November 8 .
We will form government in Uttar Pradesh , will waive loans of small farmers , Modi said .
On the 60th day of after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation -- the situation , which sucked out 86 of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a DeNA bank branch in Khimana village in Gujarat was pelted with stones .
Kumar Uttam ( @ Meetuttam ) May 26 , 20173:56Pm : I want to assure people of India that the Kashmir situation will soon be brought under control , says Amit Shah3:53Pm : Modi govt has met peoples aspirations , says Amit Shah3:51Pm : ease of doing business improved , FDI inflow grew , says Amit Shah3:50Pm : India has grown as an economic leader , says Shah3:48Pm : BJP president Amit Shah speaks to media on 3 years of Modi Govt2:37Pm : ne of Northeast would mean new economy , new energy , new empowerment , new engine , says PM Modi2:32Pm : PM Modi launches Sampada Yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing Clusters2:29Pm : in New India , we have to move towards ever green revolution , says PM Modi2:27Pm : if Northeast starts working in this ( organic farming ) direction , India can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming , says PM Modi2:26Pm : in northeast , the likelihood of organic farming is very high : Pm2:24Pm : we laid emphasis on Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana , says PM Modi2:19Pm : we cant bring change in the country through Tokenism , says PM Modi at his Dhemaji Rally2:17Pm : our dream is to double farmers income by 2022 , the year when India completes 75 years of independence : PM Modi2:15Pm : We want to bring modernisation in agriculture , says PM Modi2:12Pm : PM Modi is addressing another rally in Assams Dhemaji12:19Pm : PM renames Dhola Sadiya bridge as Bhupen Hazarika Bridge12:18Pm : within the first year of BJP rule in Assam , the state is getting rid of many of its problems , says PM Modi12:14Pm : the bridge will save time , says Pm12:12Pm : the bridge will be a link in the development of two States- Arunachal Pradesh and Assam : Pm12:10Pm : prime minister Modi says the bridge will bring an economic Revolution12:08Pm : this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers , says PM Modi in Assam12:04Pm : it is a proud moment for the country that Indias longest bridge has been constructed in Assam , says PM Modi12:00Pm : PM Modi is addressing a rally in Dhola , Assam11:50Am : Congress leader Kamal Nath said BJP spending RS 2000 CR on Celebration,3 years of Modi govt can be summed up as Bhashan AUR Aashwaasan , Yeh Hai Mera Shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power India 's growth .
Thomas said the PAC has asked Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to come out with the exact number of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes which were Demonetised and deposited with banks after Prime Minister Modi announced the move on November 8 .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
The Indian economy was in good health when the government decided to scrap RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
May these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers , Modi said .
Why can we not have a blue economy , and why should our farmers not export their produce , said Modi .
On Friday , as he got up to welcome M Venkaiah Naidu as Rajya Sabha chairman , PM Modi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our Constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners .
The makers of our Constitution laid such strong foundation of Indian democracy that today people holding constitutional posts are those who represent poor and marginalised and do not come from rich background , said Modi , referring to Naidu who is a farmers son .
Pointing out that India is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors , Prime Minister Modi said India is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers , from schools to space , digital payments to disaster management .
Consensus on GST will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism , Modi said .
Prior to November 8 , the day prime minister Modi announced scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 banknotes , around RS 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 Atms.Read | 50 days of Demonetisation : ATM queues shorter but ripples to remain in Januarythough cash situation is better , queues can still be seen outside several ATM kiosks , primarily due to withdrawal restrictions RS 4,500 per day and RS 24,000 a week .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
The economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time , a combative Modi said , peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the Congress for opposing the Demonetisation move .
Prime Minister Modi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions , Modi told the shopkeepers : you already have a board outside your shops that reads : Aaj Nagad , Kal Udhar .
Read|Demonetisation has been monumental management failure , says Manmohanchidambaram castigated Modi for quoting from Madhav Godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former PM Indira Gandhi had rejected the idea of Demonetisation telling then finance minister Yb Chavan about electoral compulsions .
On November 8 , Modi announced scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes as part of the combat against the menace of black money , corruption and terror funding .
Talking of farmers , Modi said the Congress had no interest in doing good for farmers .
Months before prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Prime minster Modi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022 , and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the BJP out of power , he added .
We have been working speedily in all sectors , whether it is the JAL Jeevan mission , respect and help for each and every farmer in the country , setting free our Muslim women from the malaise of triple Talaq , or laws for strengthening childrens security , said Modi .
In an interview for a TV news channel , Modi said people voted on Demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in Uttar Pradesh and on GST in the 2018 assembly election in Gujarat .
Indias economic growth of 7 during October-December has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after Prime Minister Modi announced on November 8 the Demonetisation exercise , which weeded out 86 of the currency notes in circulation .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person introduced to the Bhim app , one will get a Cashback of RS 10 .
This will make digital payments easy even for those who can not read or write , thus realising Ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all , Modi said .
Modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to India to conduct case studies on the Bhim-Aadhaar app .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , said Modi .
According to reports , Modi told Pawar that Fadnavis would take a call on loan waiver .
The crisis faced by Punjabi farmers was totally based on this circular issued by the Congress government , Modi said , adding that some people were trying to malign the image of the Gujarat government by spreading canards that his government has adopted a discriminatory attitude towards Sikh farmers from Punjab , who are tilling land in Kutch .
Lauding the role played by Punjabis in socio-economic development of Gujarat , Modi said : nearly 50,000 Sikhs had lived peacefully in Gujarat since centuries , thereby intermingling with other communities and playing a proactive role in the States development any officer of the Gujarat government , compelling the farmers to leave the state , should understand clearly that in such a case , he will have to leave Gujarat .
Recently , PM Modi announced the decision to provide the MSP ( minimum support price ) which shall be one and a half times the input cost for any agricultural produce for both Rabi and Kharif crops .
Modi said there was no going back on his fight against corruption and hoarders of black money and alleged that those hit by his actions , including the Demonetisation move , are conspiring to hit back at him .
Speaking on hardships faced by the people in wake of Demonetisation , Modi said : many people in this country are uneducated , but we should be proud that they are ready to suffer problems to help the country get rid of corruption .
Repeating remarks he made in Lok Sabha a day earlier , Modi said Demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when Indira Gandhi was the prime minister .
After prime minister Modi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 on November 8 , 2016 , ATMs across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of RS 2,000 and RS 500 .
When prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation , he had said the new year would see new India .
Pitching the use of Bhim app to make digital transactions , Modi once again , asked the people to teach others how to use the app .
Speaking at the meeting , Modi said Demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
Pti photo by Manvender Vashist expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
This is for Gujarat , Modi said , addressing a gathering of farmers here .
Ruing failure of Congress to provide crop insurance to the Gujarat farmers in the face of bad monsoon last year , Modi asked whether money for the crop insurance had met the same fate as 2G spectrum and coal reserves .
Tmc MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express photo TMC MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express Photopointing out that Prime Minister Modi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after Demonetisation of high-value currency on November 8 last year , opposition parties , led by the Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) , on Wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and ATMs even 90 days on .
Trinamool MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy said Wednesday marked the 90th day since Modi announced the Demonetisation decision .
Deputy chief minister Modi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments , said people have now begun to understand GST which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis -- vis GST has reduced to only 10 per cent .
Speaking about the power of unity , Modi said , in August 2016 , parties having intense political rivalry , parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other , all came together to pass the GST bill .
Prime Minister Modi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers .
Prime Minister Modi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinets approval .
Pm Modi with BJP chief Amit Shah PM Modi with BJP chief Amit Shahformer sp youth wing president of Baghpat district , Tarun Deo Yadav , has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah for creating an Emergency-Like situation through Demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 Godhra riots .
Modi said the centre was scared of Ramdev asking to weed out black money after the arrest of Hasan Ali who was now under the Supreme Court scanner .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person you introduce to the Bhim app , you will get a cash back of RS 10 .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , Modi said .
Earlier , Modi also said his governments war against corruption and black money was not a political fight and said it was meant to empower honest people .
Watch video | PM Modi Modis scathing attack at Congress in Lok Sabha : heres what he Saiddefending his November 8 decision to Demonetise RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes , Modi said the step was to empower the honest .
Watch video | find out what PM Modi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionin the worlds largest democracy the Demonetisation was revolutionary : it called into question the States promise to pay the bearer the face value on every BANKNOTE .
Heres a look : change in fiscal Yearin his opening remarks , Modi said that in a country like India where agricultural income is exceedingly important , budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year .
Prime Minister Modi , in his second interview to a private news channel , said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes , but the introduction of GST will make this process very transparent .
Pm Modi told network 18 group editor Rahul Joshi that after GST all the movement of goods from one state to the other will become seamless .
Br Ambedkars grandson and former MP Prakash Ambedkar alleged that a major chunk of black money was deposited in the banks before November 8 , the day Modi announced Demonetisation .
In last November , after the decision ( Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes ) to fight black money and corruption , many lies were hurled , rumours were created and allegations were levelled that everything will disintegrate now and the economy will finish , Modi said .
Modi also said that political and business leaders globally have supported the Demonetisation move .
Pm Modi also asked the youth to download Bhim app for making digital payments .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Modi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
Responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the Demonetisation exercise TMCs Saugata Roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times Modi said the upa government had changed rules of Mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years .
Also watch | up elections 2017 : Muzaffarnagar Revisitedagreeing with Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties , Modi said : But we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you ?
Dr Shoeb S. Katrawala , who runs Katrawala diagnostic centre on Astodia road , says , Mr Modi has said that this is all being done to cut down black money , to cut off funds to terrorists and stop the flow of counterfeit money in the economy .
Urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power , Modi said , farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders .
My governments aim is to realise that dream , Modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long Digidhan contest launched in December for users of the digital transaction mode .
Modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme .
Tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform , Modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the NDA .
Prime Minister Modi announced the scrapping of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , with an aim to weed out black money , counterfeit currency and terror funding .
Modi further said farmers of Maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under Fadnavis leadership .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it .
Stating that none of the objectives mentioned by the centre for note ban have been achieved , Modi said campaign would expose the real motive behind Demonetisation scheme .
Modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years ; it is a Jumla-Type statement unlikely to be achieved , he said .
On implementation of Demonetisation process , Prime Minister Modi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in TV bytes and not debates .
With the BJP focusing on boosting his image as a Pro-Poor PM , Modi also asked the MPs to promote and market Bhim , the governments digital payment application .
Addressing a rally in February , Modi said farmers are his top priority and explained that top means tomato , onion and potato .
Modi said his governments focus was on agriculture and doubling farm income by 2022 .
Pm Modi said he believes the only way to provide relief to distressed farmers is through a successful and effective crop insurance scheme .
Referring to two young entrepreneurs working in Sikkim on an agriculture start-up , PM Modi said , it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up India campaign .
In your idea , money does not grow on trees , but in our idea money is grown by farmers in their fields , Modi said .
Modi said he needs the maximum help from people about spreading awareness regarding the Pradhan Mantri crop insurance scheme which was launched earlier this month .
Pushing for digital economy , Modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the Bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy .
Aur Jo 9-10 Ki GST council meeting Mein agar koi Rajya Kathinayi Paida Nahi Karega Toh Mujhe Vishwaas Hai Ki Bharat Ke Vyapar Jagat AUR Bharat Ki Aarthik Vyavastha Ko Nayi Taqat Dene Mein Jo Bhi Aawashyak Sudhaar Honge Woh Kiye Jayenge ( if no state raises objection in GST council meeting on November 9-10 , then I believe that the necessary changes required for the countrys businesses and the countrys economy would be taken ) , Modi said .
Accusing the previous Congress regimes of Gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair , chief minister Modi today said unlike them , his government was working for farmers welfare .
Congress did Kursi-Bhakti ( Power-Worship ) whereas we are engaged in Krishi-Bhakti ( Agriculture-Worship ) , Modi said at a farmers rally at Limkheda , Dahod district .
Taking dig at the functioning of Congress governments , Modi said when five chickens were loaned to farmers , their meat was eaten by the officials .
Crediting the small and medium farmers of Gujarat with revolutionising agriculture in the last one decade , Modi said 95 per cent of our farmers are small or medium sized farmers .
Making political hay of data released by the central statistics office and taking a swipe at economists some like Harvard professor and Nobel laureate Amartya Sen called Demonetisation a despotic action that has struck at the root of economy based on trust while Manmohan Singh who went to Oxford described it as organised loot and Legalised plunder Modi told election rallies in Maharajganj and Deoria that Ek Taraf Woh Vidhwano Ki Jamaat Hai Jo Harvard University Ke Naam par Baat Karte Hain , Ek AUR Garib MA ka beta Hai Jo hard work Ke Dwara Desh Ki Arth-Neeti Badalne par Laga Hua Hai ( on the one hand , there are intellectuals who speak in the name of Harvard University , and on the other , a poor mothers son is trying to change the economic policy of the country ) .
After prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 , 2016 , there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent .
In his letter today , DuBey claimed that ever since Modi announced the Demonetisation decision on November 8 , Thomas became restive and started searching for options to Politicise the revolutionary step .
Continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes , Prime Minister Modi today said he will on June 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector .
During this interaction , Modi said he would be speaking to farmers on June 20 on developments and advancements in the agriculture sector .
Claim : Mr Modi claimed that the governments schemes will double farmers income by 2022 .
Speaking on the GST bill , Modi asked the party to prepare a booklet that will also include details of 100 schemes initiated by the NDA government and get the message across to the people especially how the proposed tax regime will help small traders , a core support base of the BJP .
Describing Demonetisation as a very important decision , Modi said it worked wonders despite attempts by some quarters to derail the move .
On his governments attempts to tackle the menace of black money , Modi said , in our very first cabinet meeting , we decided to act tough the common people , who had seen others acquire huge bungalows , costly cars and other property with black money , have stood with us .
Flaunts States achievements across power , agricultural and other sectors , Modi says this makes the model worthy of transplantation across the country .
11 : 34 am : PM Modi said we learnt the lesson of unity through passing the historic GST bill .
In an attempt to weed out black money , Prime Minister Modi had announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
Urging youngsters to adopts and download the Bihm app , PM Modi said the money saved on printing of notes , transportation and ATMs among others could be used for the betterment of the poor .
( file ) urging youngsters to adopts and download the Bihm app , PM Modi said the money saved on printing of notes , transportation and ATMs among others could be used for the betterment of the poor .
Reading from the newspaper clipping , Kejriwal said Modi had said in 2012 that imposing excise duty would encourage inspector Raj and 90 per cent of the jewellery business was small-scale sector that generated the most employment .
After four years in office , Prime Minister Modi has announced his intention to give farmers MSPs that are at least 50 per cent above the cost ( A2+Fl and not C2 ) .
Prime Minister Modi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the BJP government in Uttar Pradesh .
Despite good rains , the entire country , its villages , farmers and poor people are still struggling with life , Modi said , criticising the policies of the upa government with regard to poverty and agricultural growth .
( source : AP ) prime minister Modi has asked 11 Drought-Hit states including Maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for Drought-Proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of June .
Launching a stinging attack on the opposition party over corruption at an election rally in Sundernagar , Modi said the Congress campaign against Demonetisation was driven by its attempts to mislead the people and create an atmosphere against him before he can raise a storm over Benami assets .
Prime Minister Modi Modiprime minister Modi on Thursday asked his party MPs to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on Obcs and the GST legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them .
All the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance , Modi said in his monthly radio programme Mann Ki Baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions , informed about the launch of South Asia satellite on May 5 and spoke about some other issues .
As part of his push for digital payments , Modi asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
Bjp in its Lok Kalyan Sankalp Patra ( manifesto ) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers , and prime minister Modi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the Partys government .
In the same year , nearly a month after Prime Minister Modi announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , it was reported that a record number of 564 Maoists surrendered in the last 28 days .
Promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money , Prime Minister Modi told his party MPs Tuesday that the decision to Demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor .
Cautioning the party against drawing unfair parallels between the Demonetisation and the surgical strike on terror launch pads along the LOC , Modi said that more steps would be taken to fight black money and corruption .
Modi said the Demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike .
With farmers ending lives in the parched Saurashtra region in an election year , chief minister Modi on Tuesday announced an ambitious RS 10,000-Crore irrigation project , to be called Saurashtra Narmada Avtaran irrigation Yojana ( Sauni ) , which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with Narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers .
In a bid to counter Patel who has been raising the issue of suicides by farmers , Modi also announced to hold a series of farmer development conventions at all the 115 dam sites in the region before October 7 , when the CM completes 11 years in office .
Prime Minister Modi , on November 29 last year , had asked BJP MPs and Mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between November 8 , the day he announced Demonetisation , and December 31 to party chief Amit Shah on January 1 .
The state governments have to do nothing but just make a list of all the deserving farmers with full honesty , and send the list to us , said Modi .
Prime Minister Modi on Saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture , saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject .
Referring to the passage of the key economic reform measure GST in parliaments monsoon session , Modi said it demonstrated the countrys unity of vision .
During his 30-minute broadcast , Modi said concern over drought is natural as prolonged drought leads to a drop in water table in reservoirs .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption .
All that Modi said in 2014 is Jumla bringing back black money , giving employment to two crore people , implementing the recommendations of the Swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes .
17 am : on drought , Modi said : few days back we were worrying about drought situation , now where on one side we hear about monsoon , on other side , we hear about floods .
This is for Gujarat , Modi said , addressing a gathering of farmers here .
Ruing failure of Congress to provide crop insurance to the Gujarat farmers in the face of bad monsoon last year , Modi asked whether money for the crop insurance had met the same fate as 2G spectrum and coal reserves .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Pm Modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be India and Switzerlands shared priority .
( source : AP ) PM Modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be India and Switzerlands shared priority .
, Modi said while addressing a massive convention of farmers at Devla village , about 65 km from Rajkot .
Prime Minister Modi in Rajya Sabha prime minister Modi in Rajya Sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in Rajya Sabha , Prime Minister Modi on Wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political .
Taking a dig at the Congress-Led upa government at the centre , Modi said he had suggested to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to launch waste water management and solid waste disposal projects to upgrade rural and agrarian economy .
The population is increasing but the land is not going to Increasewe have to see how the productivity increases there should be more production in less land , Modi said while releasing a two-part book series on renowned agriculture scientist M s Swaminathan at his residence here .
Talking about the governments objective of doubling the farmers income by 2022 , Modi said Swaminathan had recently given him some suggestions on which he was working .
Mentioning the government programmes , Modi said the crop insurance under the prime ministers Fasal BIMA Yojana has recorded a seven-fold jump in just one year of its launch .
Prime Minister Modi ( PTI /File photo ) prime minister Modi ( PTI /File photo ) with still two months left till the goods and services tax ( GST ) roll out , Prime Minister Modi on Sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism .
Defending Demonetisation , Modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political .
( representational image ) on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced his ambitious Demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption , black money and fake currency .
( source : PTI photo ) around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Speaking in the house on the last day of the second part of the budget session , Modi said the retiring members would have felt much more satisfied if these two legislation relating to goods and services tax ( GST ) and compensatory Afforestation fund management and planning authority ( Campa ) had been passed by the Rajya Sabha during their tenure .
These can be converted into opportunities if you ( farmers ) help me and states implement the various schemes properly , Modi said .
These can be converted into opportunities if you ( farmers ) help me and states implement the various schemes properly , Modi said .
These can be converted into opportunities if you ( farmers ) help me and states implement the various schemes properly , Modi said .
Underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , the 75th independence of the country , Modi said , from this land of Uttar Pradesh , I urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes .
For economic development of the contry , there should be three pillars agriculture , industry and service sector , Modi said .
Modi said on Ambedkar Jayanti on April 14 he would launch National agriculture market E-Platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones .
A day after painting a grim picture of Indias farming during the inauguration of the meet , Modi said , the government of India has helped us identify progressive farmers from each district of the country .
Read | PM Modi launches three Indian digital payment apps in Singaporeadvocating Indias open stand on international trade regime , PM Modi said India stands for a stable environment in the Indo-Pacific region .
Modi said he would transform agriculture .
Stating that the government is working to strengthen Agri-Marketing in a big way , Modi said the efforts are being made to link rural Mandis to Apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income .
For the farmers welfare , Modi said that the centre has framed many model acts and urged the states to implement them .
Government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds , required electricity , do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce , Modi said .
Prime Minister Modi on Saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country , said Niti Aayogs vice-chairman Rajiv Kumar .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Modi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
Seeking deeper economic engagement , Modi said Indias capacities in trade , investments , information and communication technology , space , agriculture , health care , small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the SCO countries .
Instead of joining the journey of the States development , they continue to spread lies , Modi said while addressing farmers at the launch of 9th Krishi Mahotsav 2013 in Radhanpur , Patan district .
( AP photo ) in his Mann Ki Baat on November 26 , Prime Minister Modi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022 .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it , parliamentary affairs minister Ananth Kumar told reporters after the meeting .
Read : GST will reflect spirit of one nation , one aspiration : top 10 points from PM Modis Niti Aayog Meethere are the Highlights:6:22 PM : use of technologies such as Bhim , Aadhaar would result in significant savings for states , says PM Modi6:18 PM : States should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption , increase transparency in govt procurement : PM Modi6:10 PM : PM Modi asks States , local govts , NGOs to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them .
Congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get Narmada waters irks Cmtargeting Congress chief Sonia Gandhi once again , chief minister Modi on Friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches .
Prem Nath Pandeynaik Mahendra Singh , 30 , was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in Siachen when Prime Minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
Addressing a farmers rally on the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana in the Western Odisha town of Bargarh , Modi said there has been a storm of protests ever since he became prime minister .
Stressing on the importance of a second green revolution in the Eastern states of Odisha , Jharkhand , Bihar , West Bengal and North-eastern States , Modi said that by 2022 , when India celebrates the 75th year of its independence , the income of farmers will have doubled .
On Sunday , state secretary Modi announced that the cadres will fan out to build houses for the homeless , become part of palliative care initiatives , do organic agriculture , clean rivers and ponds , work to raise the standards of government schools and the quality of public hospitals and so on .
Addressing Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) workers , Modi said his governments prime objective has been financial inclusion and Jan Dhan Yojana and the GST will help the government achieve its objective .
Prime Minister Modi said the GST will come to fruition on Monday , when the bill is expected to be tabled again in the Lok Sabha to discuss the amendments made by the Rajya Sabha .
While chief minister Naveen Patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project , Modi said : the Paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that Lakhs of youths get jobs , he added .
( PTI photo ) calling for a Relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country , Prime Minister Modi on Saturday said that if water management is given importance , there would be no farmer suicides .
Speaking at a farmers rally in Belagavi region of Karnataka , Modi said , we must strive to facilitate the linkage of rivers .
If there is a ray of hope in the world economy today , it is India , Modi said at the rally attended by thousands of farmers .
This is what Prime Minister Modi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here .
Responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the Demonetisation exercise TMCs Saugata Roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times Modi said the upa government had changed rules of Mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years .
Agreeing with Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties , Modi said : But we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you ?
Digital India has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen , Modi said .
Saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments , Modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers .
Stressing that Rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments , Modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to Singapore .
Jharkhiholi had made news in November when , days after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of high-value currencies , he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former BJP minister and mining baron g Janardhan Reddys daughters wedding the same month .
Also read | Mann Ki Baat : Here are the highlights from PM Modis Addresstalking about the floods that have hit some parts of the country , Modi said , sometime back , we were concerned about drought but now we are enjoying the rains and there are reports about floods .
Modi said without Neem coating , urea was being pilfered to other uses , leaving farmers without availability of the fertiliser .
We will bring policies to facilitate investment by the corporate sector in agriculture , Modi said .
While announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till December 30 .
Prime Minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
The new generation believes in digital payments , Modi said in his monthly radio programme Mann Ki Baat .
Pm Modi , while addressing the summit , said that Indias has now introduced new economic reforms , including the historic GST , which most states are onboard with .
Addressing local farmers , Modi said that when he became the PM , sugarcane farmers were to be paid RS 14,000 crore .
I am very happy that the MP government is working on Afforestation , PM Modi said while promising that the government is committed towards doubling the income of farmers in 2022 .
Modi , who has set a target of doubling farmers income by 2022 , said work was underway on reforming the agriculture market .
Regarding Demonetisation , Modi said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in TV bytes and not debates .
Because of cumbersome banking processes and the burden of debt , around 2,70,000 farmers have committed suicide in the past 20 years , Modi had said .
It is January 12 , 2017 , 66 days since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation move .
On the goods and services tax ( GST ) , Modi asked the states to make legislative arrangements without delay for the rollout of the indirect tax regime from July 1 .
The consensus on GST reflects the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination , Modi earlier said in his opening remarks at the meeting .
Prime Minister Modi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities , but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep .
Referring to Isros feat , Modi said scientists had brought laurels to the nation and felt that the launch will be of great help in mapping of resources , evaluating development and help farmers .
Hailing the farmers for record production , particularly production of pulses , Modi said he wants to thank the farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulses , besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people .
During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors like oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
Saying that the plastic menace was a form of land degradation which would be impossible to reverse , Modi said that apart from adverse health implications , it is going to render land unproductive and unfit for agriculture .
Terming providing water for irrigation as a major thrust area of the BJP government , Modi said Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana is a major step in this direction , which has helped farmers considerably .
If every farmer can grow a few trees , he adds to his income , while the country cuts down import , Modi said .
Criticising the diesel price hike , chief minister Modi on Thursday said it would affect farmers the most .
This price hike will prove to be very bad for the farmers of the state where there is Drought-Like situation , Modi said .
Speaking about the power of unity , Modi said , in August 2016 , parties having intense political rivalry , parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other , all came together to pass the GST bill .
2:30 PM speaking about Congress plans to launch a black day drive on November 8 , the anniversary of Demonetisation move , PM Modi said , theyre going to celebrate 8 Nov as black day & burn my effigies .
Pm Modi invokes Chaudhary Charan Singh to woo farmers in Jatland Bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community , Prime Minister Modi said BJP will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power .
Modi said that traders dont have to wait for the next budget anymore as the GST council has the power to revise the slab every two months .
Pti Photo/Pibprime minister Modi on Sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax ( GST ) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism , while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground .
Modi said that the GST reflected the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination .
Pm Modi announced Demonetisation in his address to the nation on November 8 claiming that the aim of the exercise was to hit at the heart of black money problem in the country .
In his speech on the November 8 , Modi had said : to break the grip of corruption and black money , we have decided that the RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight , that is 8th November 2016 .
Blaming the then Upa-Ii government for its flawed policies at an election rally in Sujanpur Tira , Modi had said , the farmers work hard , cultivate apples .
Efforts are on to ensure that GST is in place by the end of this session , said PM Modi .
Efforts are on to ensure that GST is in place by the end of this session , said PM Modi .
The efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that GST is in place by the end of this session , Modi said .
Prime Minister Modi prime minister Modi Modiprime minister Modi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours , if any , undertaken by them during the last three months , an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted Demonetisation and other initiatives , sources said .
The landmark GST legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination , said prime minister Modi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of Niti Aayog on Sunday .
Talking about GST , PM Modi said the unanimity on the landmark legislation will be remembered in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money , said PM Modi .
Noting that agriculture development is the top priority for Mozambique , Modi said India would be partnering this Endeavour through development of agricultural infrastructure and productivity in this country .
Modi said that he wanted to assure people that this Chowkidar is determined to ensure that every drop of water meant for farmers reaches them .
A state government release on Sunday describing all who came to see Modi said that national , state and local leaders , young and old , men and women , eunuchs , Jean-Clad urban youth , farmers , Tribals , Maldharis , many in their traditional attire , individually and in groups , each representing their nativity , showed their solidarity with the chief minister on his mission .
B'India would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had been the first prime minister , Gujarat chief minister Modi said today , Ruing the poor National agricultural growth .
If Khedut Putra ( son of farmer ) , Sardar Patel had become the first prime minister , this would not have happened to our farmers somehow , we took the wrong way , Modi said addressing a gathering of farmers at Krishi Mahotsav in Bharuch .
Expressing the need to strengthen agriculture , Modi said India was fast losing its identity as an agricultural nation .
Modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming , Tent-House and Polyhouse farming .
Modi said Gujarats agriculture growth rate used to be half of the national rate in the past .
When Modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments Demonetisation move , Kumar took on the cudgels to make Palnar cashless .
Modi further said farmers of Maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under Fadnavis leadership .
B'During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
( mea Twitter ) during the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
Reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy , Modi said , we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
During his poll campaign , Prime Minister Modi had said the first decision of the new up government under the BJP would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers .
We would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with Kenyan farmers , said Modi at a joint press conference with Kenyatta .
Modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
Referring to the PM Fasal BIMA Yojna introduced for the benefit of people , Modi said though Bjp-Ruled states like Chhattisgarh and Haryana have made 50 per cent achievement , only 14 per cent farmers got it in up .
39 PM : agriculture sector needs evergreen revolution Sadakaal Haritkaal , says PM Modi .
Modi said this was necessary to combat corruption , black money and terror funding .
Share this article related article at drought meet , PM Modi says learn from Shivajiat drought meet , PM Modi says learn from Shivaji Karnataka cm Siddaramaiah meets PM Modi , seeks RS 12,272 CR to tackle drought Situationkarnataka cm Siddaramaiah meets PM Modi , seeks RS 12,272 CR to tackle drought situation up seeks RS 11,000 CR to meet drought situation as Akhilesh meets PM Modiup seeks RS 11,000 CR to meet drought situation as Akhilesh meets PM Modi IPL 2016 : sewage water to run the cash-rich Leagueipl 2016 : sewage water to run the cash-rich league Maharashtra to raise loans to tackle Droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought Flood-Like situation in parts of Gujarat , toll reaches 27Elaborating on Gujarats efforts at water conservation , recharge and creation of water bodies , the CM said that 1 .
If every farmer can grow a few trees , he adds to his income , while the country cuts down import , Modi said .
Indian prime minister Modi announced a 0 million line of credit to Kenya for agricultural Mechanisation .
Indian prime minister Modi announced a 0 million line of credit to Kenya for agricultural Mechanisation .
Noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship , Modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
Emphasising that broad-based and wide-ranging cooperation in agriculture and food security was a shared priority , Modi said the two sides were collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in Kenya .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
( source : PTI photo ) stating that Demonetisation has had no impact on GDP , Prime Minister Modi citing testimonials by Apple chief Tim Cook , Microsoft founder Bill Gates , World Bank chief Kristalina Georgieva , Nobel laureate for economics Muhammad Yunus and others , on Tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect .
Addressing a public meeting at the Navsari agricultural university campus , Modi said , the youths of Gujarat had started the agitation for the separation of Gujarat from Maharashtra in Ahmedabad which Gujarats Congress leaders did not like .
Panaji : governor Mridulasinha on Tuesday said that her governments highest priority was alleviating farmers woes and raising their standard of living .
A buyer Mukeshkumar had such an experience on Thursday when new Indian express visited Kankarbagh for a Month-After assessment of what has been wrought by the big D.Having received the expected response from Prasadji , Mr Mukeshkumar told me his party of the story : the ATMs are still giving this note only .
India has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time that people have realised that with the budget being dedicated to farm sector , Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters .
Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters that the MPs were very enthusiastic about the budget as it will empower villages , farmers and youth .
New Delhi : Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi today said Congress was running away from a discussion on Demonetisation in parliament even when the government wanted a positive debate and was open to suggestions .
However Nagar said that he had voluntarily disclosed to the I-T team the full and factual details including the sale of an agricultural land for RS 1 .
Puliyur a Nagar , president of TMC farmers wing , said , farmers are burdened with debts and some have taken extreme decisions resulting .
Addressing the gathering , Nagar Nagar , president , farmers wing of Tamil Maanila Congress ( TMC ) said , about one lakh acres of cash crops in Tiruchy and Karur districts particularly the annual crops , and banana plantation are on the verge of withering .
Puliyur Nagar , a farmer from the Tamil Maanila Congress who participated in the meeting , said .
Confirming the date of the meeting , chief secretary Nagar also said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on Monday .
Confirming the date of the meeting , chief secretary Nagar said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on Monday .
Niti Aayog vice-chairman Nagar Niti Aayog vice-chairman Arvind Panagariyaniti Aayog vice-chairman Nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income .
The prices of the cattle have also shot up , said Nagar , a farmer from Devanahalli Taluk .
If water is not released , the people may also face a food crisis , said Nagar , farmers leader from Siruguppa .
Liquidity is very important for farmers so that they continue to invest in their agriculture and grow healthy crop , Nagar said .
Govt to talk to Cong , other parties on GST : Venkaiahbengaluru , Aug 18 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 15:36 Istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with Congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the GST and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament , Union parliamentary affairs minister M Naidu said today .
Unfazed by the blockage of the GST bill in the Rajya Sabha by Congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the Lalit Modi issue , Naidu said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive GST tax proposal from April 1 , 2016 .
I say what they are observing is a 'Black money support day ' , Naidu said .
Scuttling the debate on Demonetisation for than two weeks and not allowing parliament , staging Dharnas , going to the well of the house , abusing the prime minister , raising slogans is in no way going to help democracy , Naidu said .
The meeting also saw Trinamool Congress pushing for the passage of the GST bill , Naidu said .
Naidu , who presented a report card on the achievements of the NDA government during the last 20 months , said the centre would strive to get the Long-Pending GST bill passed in the budget session of parliament which would begin after February 20 .
Naidu said GST would revolutionise the taxation system and increase the revenue by 1 .
Ap announces debt cut for Farmershyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:08 Istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Nara Naidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding RS 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013 .
Naidu also said that all the farm and gold loans taken by farmers will be waived by the government by January 22 .
The 20 key promises made by the Congress-Led upa government , including police reforms , subsidised community kitchen , social security , model schools , increase in minimum support price to the farmers and womens reservation bill , have not yet been realised even after 10 years , said Naidu .
Amid the din , parliamentary affairs minister M Naidu said the government was ready to discuss the farmer 's suicide , which is a important , serious and urgent .
Though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops , the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers , Naidu said .
Naidu , who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister Radhamohan Singh , said tobacco and Arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts , the livelihood of farmers depend on them .
India has strong infrastructure and one of the best Aadhar-Enabled payment systems in the world which is Besed on fingerprints , Naidu said , calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode .
Naidu said he even indicated that the government was willing to advance the budget session to ensure passage of the GST Bill and the real estate regulatory bill .
Naidu announces schedule for massive loan waiver Initiativehyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , ( PTI ) 19:39 Istseeking to fulfill a key election promise , Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Naidu today announced to waive off farm loan of up to RS 1 .
But during his recent visit to the state , he did not find time to visit the families of farmers who have committed suicide , Naidu told reporters in Bengaluru .
Replying to a query on union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singhs statement that love affairs were the cause of farmer suicides , Naidu said , I have gone through the statement .
Talking about the role of the agriculture , Naidu said a huge population of the country is engaged in the sector .
Ba Naidu , a farmer from Anandapuram said , we are forced to buy chicks at 40-47 per unit this year .
Asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical , given that the Telugu DeSam party ( TDP ) , of which he is the president , had been part of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government till March this year , Naidu said , I was against the Demonetisation of the high-value currency notes , and said so after the move was announced .
On charges of AP copying Telangana schemes , Naidu said Andhra Pradesh achieved 11 growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of Telangana stands at 0 .
Lop Naidu said that Congress must clarify why there has been delay in the farm loan waiver announced by the government .
New Delhi : vice-president Naidu expressed his happiness at 15 farmers being recognised with Padma awards announced on the eve of republic day saluting the efforts of these farmers in a series of tweets on Saturday , Naidu said , extremely delighted and happy that for the first time in India , 15 outstanding individuals who have done exceptional work in the field of agriculture and allied services are recognised , respected and honoured with Padma awards .
During his Africa visit , there were discussions on encouraging engagement , especially in the areas of agriculture , health , pharmaceuticals , ICT , minerals and mining , diamond trading , railways and infrastructure and logistics , Naidu said .
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers , Naidu said , adding that RS 415 .
The new capital region will be just 18Km from the Krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely , Naidu said , trying to allay their fears .
Talking about the role of the agriculture , Naidu said a huge population of the country is engaged in the sector .
On the occasion , Union minister M Naidu said that the Demonetisation was also a part of the digital India .
On a day 's visit to participate in the Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by the BJP to mark three years of the Narendra Modi government at the centre , Naidu said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states .
We have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers , Naidu told TDP lawmakers at a meeting at his residence .
The arrangements made by the banks were poor , said Naidu , a tea shop owner from Akkayyapalem , after exchanging RS 500 notes to get a new RS 2,000 note .
Similarly , RS 35,984 crore have been allocated to agriculture , while RS 9 lakh crore earmarked for crop loans this year , Naidu said .
Improved insurance coverage to crops is being ensured under the PM Fasal BIMA Yojna , Naidu said , while pointing towards other initiatives such as soil health cards , organic farming , Agri-Markets , Kisan Suvidha and better minimum support prices .
On a days visit to Odisha to participate in Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by BJP to celebrate completion of three years by Narendra Modi government at the centre , Naidu said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state .
Responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in Madhya Pradesh , Naidu said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight .
Challenging Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses , Naidu said non-performing assets worth Lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule .
Lepakshi Naidu , a farmer of Hosapete Taluk , says Demonetization left him with no cash to buy pesticide for the Chilli crop he had sown .
Hyderabad : Union minister M Naidu today said chartered accountants in India will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax ( GST ) is Implementedaddressing the Icai international conference 'Jnana Yagna ' here , the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money .
During a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on Thursday , Naidu claimed that Ysr interest-free loan scheme , announced by the chief minister , was nothing new , but an old one introduced by the Kiran Kumar Reddy government and that the TDP government continued the same after 2014 .
Naidu , in response , said the agriculture sector achieved 11 per cent growth rate during his government .
We told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it , Naidu said and sat back , while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former .
The BJP leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption , Union minister Naidu said .
During a meeting with party leaders at the party office in Guntur on Monday , Naidu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government .
The statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing Upma and Idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers , Naidu said adding that the propaganda on Polavaram works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the TDP regime were a loss to the farming community .
If rains continue for the next few hours , our fields will be submerged completely , said R Naidu , a farmer from ln PETA Mandal .
During his Africa visit , there were discussions on encouraging engagement , especially in the areas of agriculture , health , pharmaceuticals , ICT , minerals and mining , diamond trading , railways and infrastructure and logistics , Naidu said .
New Delhi : Union urban development minister Naidu on Thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament , the Congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over Demonetisation .
Our first target is to grab low hanging fruits like the Aadhaar platform and the high penetration of Anroid phones , said Naidu .
Watch video : whats making Newswe have a wider support and we have the numbers for the GST bill , but we would like to take all parties on board because it will have an effect on the States , Naidu said .
The drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
( representational image ) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
Naidu said the biggest achievement of Demonetisation was that money which was hiding in bed , bathrooms and iron safes had come back to banks .
We must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side , Andhra Pradesh chief minister Naidu , who heads the panel , said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
( Source-Express Photo/Nirmal Harindran ) with petrol ruling at 55-Month high and diesel at record levels , Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Naidu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people .
In a letter to oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan , Naidu said the centre had between November 2014 and January 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices .
Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister Naidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
( source : Ani ) Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister Naidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
Union urban development minister Naidu in Gandhinagar on Monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops .
We have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security , peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space , science and technology , oil and gas , renewable energy , infrastructure development , agriculture and innovation-based sectors , Naidu said .
Naidu asked the Congress to behave in a more mature and responsible manner to help restore normalcy in the hotbed of the farmers protest , instead of fanning sentiments .
Apparently referring to the demands for debt relief by the farmers , Naidu said loan waiver depends upon financial condition of the state governments .
On the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in Alwar in Rajasthan and similar incidents , Naidu said law and order was a state subject .
Union minister Naidu union minister Naidu Naiduwith the opposition seeking Narendra Modis participation in the debate in parliament over Demonetisation , Union minister Naidu on Tuesday said the prime minister will intervene in the issue as and when required and appealed to rival parties to resume the discussion .
Speaking about the farm crisis , Naidu said the BJP will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in India .
Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister Naidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
( PTI file photo , file ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister Naidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
I & B minister M Naidu told reporters that Modi explained to NDA leaders the importance of the GST Bill and the need to pass it .
Uttar Pradesh , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and Maharashtra will have to follow the same , Naidu told reporters .
Uttar Pradesh , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and Maharashtra will have to follow the same , Naidu told reporters .
Ap announces debt cut for Farmershyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:08 Istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Narachandrababunaidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding RS 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013 .
5 ( PTI ) : underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked G20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders , unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the note ban on November 8 last year , and Rjd chief Lalu Prasad on Monday said the decision destroyed the country 's economy .
In an address to the nation on December 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption , black money , terror funding and fake currency .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the note ban on November 8 last year , and Rjd chief Lalu Prasad on Monday said the decision destroyed the country 's economy .
In last week of December , during the Demonetisation period , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all .
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
Dipak Mishrapatna : opposition parties are gearing up to observe November 8 - which marks a year since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation - as black day .
Officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the Calcutta police area since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of the two categories of notes on November 8 .
Demonetisation , doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent India that shook the entire nation , was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister Narendramodi had claimed India would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days .
Earlier this week , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-Per-Cent or less GST slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods .
Hemant said initially prime minister Narendramodi had said that his government would safeguard farmers ' land , but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland .
On November 8 last year , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the decision to Demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption .
79 million followers and other Twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against Demonetisation , which prime minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year .
( PTI ) Kullu/Palampur : prime minister Narendramodi has said that Effigy-Burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money , alluding to the Congress 's call for protests on November 8 , the first anniversary of the Demonetisation .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
The Reserve Bank of India had warned the government about Demonetisation hours before prime minister Narendramodi announced the move on November 8 , 2016 , Congress leader Jairan Ramesh said at a press conference on Monday .
New Delhi , June 11 : prime minister Narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and University-Farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise .
In his November 8 speech announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-Rupee notes in their bank accounts till March 31 .
As early as 11am , the state bank of India ( SBI ) ATM at Bomikhal had run out of cash , reminding the kiosk 's security guard of the initial days after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , 2016 , chief minister Nitish Kumar was among the few None-Bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering Anti-Bjp forces .
Many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation exercise on November 8 .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
Last month , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings , post Demonetisation .
Prime minster Narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022 , and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the BJP out of power , he added .
Prior to November 8 , the day prime minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 banknotes , around RS 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 Atms.Read | 50 days of Demonetisation : ATM queues shorter but ripples to remain in Januarythough cash situation is better , queues can still be seen outside several ATM kiosks , primarily due to withdrawal restrictions RS 4,500 per day and RS 24,000 a week .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had recently said the new Uttar Pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state .
Months before prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the PM crop insurance scheme , the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana , in 2015 .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the Demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on November 8 .
His plans were pushed back when Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
The ruling BJP does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern , and prime minister Narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called JAL Shakti .
Prime Minister Narendramodi said , the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run India but to create a new India , adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last Five-Years during which the youth , women , farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation on November 8 , a decision that sucked out 86 of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and ATMs for cash .
Thomas said the PAC has asked Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to come out with the exact number of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes which were Demonetised and deposited with banks after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the move on November 8 .
It was this deposit made three days after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-Rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities , who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the November 8 Demonetisation announcement .
Indias economic growth of 7 during October-December has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced on November 8 the Demonetisation exercise , which weeded out 86 of the currency notes in circulation .
96 lakh in Malda district since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 2016 culling 86 of the currency in circulation on November 8 last year .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
On Friday , as he got up to welcome M Venkaiah Naidu as Rajya Sabha chairman , PM Narendramodi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our Constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners .
Speaking in a public rally in GOA , a few days after announcing Demonetisation on 8 November , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked for 50 days from the people of India for Note-Ban related hardships to Endit has been 100 days since Modi announced the scrapping of 86 of Indias currency in circulation .
On the 60th day of after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation -- the situation , which sucked out 86 of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a DeNA bank branch in Khimana village in Gujarat was pelted with stones .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on Saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country , said Niti Aayogs vice-chairman Rajiv Kumar .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
B'India would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had been the first prime minister , Gujarat chief minister Narendramodi said today , Ruing the poor National agricultural growth .
Promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi told his party MPs Tuesday that the decision to Demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor .
Prime Minister Narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities , but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep .
This is what Prime Minister Narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here .
Prime Minister Narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Narendramodi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
Tmc MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express photo TMC MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy at the parliament house express Photopointing out that Prime Minister Narendramodi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after Demonetisation of high-value currency on November 8 last year , opposition parties , led by the Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) , on Wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and ATMs even 90 days on .
Pti Photo/Pibprime minister Narendramodi on Sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax ( GST ) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism , while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
While announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till December 30 .
The landmark GST legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination , said prime minister Narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of Niti Aayog on Sunday .
( PTI photo ) calling for a Relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Saturday said that if water management is given importance , there would be no farmer suicides .
Prem Nath Pandeynaik Mahendra Singh , 30 , was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in Siachen when Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
( source : PTI photo ) stating that Demonetisation has had no impact on GDP , Prime Minister Narendramodi citing testimonials by Apple chief Tim Cook , Microsoft founder Bill Gates , World Bank chief Kristalina Georgieva , Nobel laureate for economics Muhammad Yunus and others , on Tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption .
In an attempt to weed out black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
With farmers ending lives in the parched Saurashtra region in an election year , chief minister Narendramodi on Tuesday announced an ambitious RS 10,000-Crore irrigation project , to be called Saurashtra Narmada Avtaran irrigation Yojana ( Sauni ) , which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with Narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 on November 8 , 2016 , ATMs across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of RS 2,000 and RS 500 .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
( source : AP ) prime minister Narendramodi has asked 11 Drought-Hit states including Maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for Drought-Proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of June .
Congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get Narmada waters irks Cmtargeting Congress chief Sonia Gandhi once again , chief minister Narendramodi on Friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 , 2016 , there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent .
It is January 12 , 2017 , 66 days since prime minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Prime Minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
Indian prime minister Narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to Kenya for agricultural Mechanisation .
Indian prime minister Narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to Kenya for agricultural Mechanisation .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
( source : PTI photo ) around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Share this article related article at drought meet , PM Narendramodi says learn from Shivajiat drought meet , PM Narendramodi says learn from Shivaji Karnataka cm Siddaramaiah meets PM Modi , seeks RS 12,272 CR to tackle drought Situationkarnataka cm Siddaramaiah meets PM Modi , seeks RS 12,272 CR to tackle drought situation up seeks RS 11,000 CR to meet drought situation as Akhilesh meets PM Modiup seeks RS 11,000 CR to meet drought situation as Akhilesh meets PM Modi IPL 2016 : sewage water to run the cash-rich Leagueipl 2016 : sewage water to run the cash-rich league Maharashtra to raise loans to tackle Droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought Flood-Like situation in parts of Gujarat , toll reaches 27Elaborating on Gujarats efforts at water conservation , recharge and creation of water bodies , the CM said that 1 .
When prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation , he had said the new year would see new India .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the scrapping of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , with an aim to weed out black money , counterfeit currency and terror funding .
Watch video | find out what PM Narendramodi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionin the worlds largest democracy the Demonetisation was revolutionary : it called into question the States promise to pay the bearer the face value on every BANKNOTE .
Pm Modi invokes Chaudhary Charan Singh to woo farmers in Jatland Bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community , Prime Minister Narendramodi said BJP will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power .
During his poll campaign , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the BJP would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers .
Pm Narendramodi with BJP chief Amit Shah PM Narendramodi with BJP chief Amit Shahformer sp youth wing president of Baghpat district , Tarun Deo Yadav , has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister Narendramodi and BJP chief Amit Shah for creating an Emergency-Like situation through Demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 Godhra riots .
Continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he will on June 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector .
( representational image ) on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced his ambitious Demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption , black money and fake currency .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation move .
Jharkhiholi had made news in November when , days after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of high-value currencies , he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former BJP minister and mining baron g Janardhan Reddys daughters wedding the same month .
( AP photo ) in his Mann Ki Baat on November 26 , Prime Minister Narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022 .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on Saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture , saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject .
Prime Minister Narendramodi prime minister Narendramodi Modiprime minister Narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours , if any , undertaken by them during the last three months , an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted Demonetisation and other initiatives , sources said .
Prime Minister Narendramodi in Rajya Sabha prime minister Narendramodi in Rajya Sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in Rajya Sabha , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political .
In the same year , nearly a month after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , it was reported that a record number of 564 Maoists surrendered in the last 28 days .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinets approval .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Prime Minister Narendramodi Modiprime minister Narendramodi on Thursday asked his party MPs to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on Obcs and the GST legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them .
Bjp in its Lok Kalyan Sankalp Patra ( manifesto ) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers , and prime minister Narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the Partys government .
Criticising the diesel price hike , chief minister Narendramodi on Thursday said it would affect farmers the most .
After four years in office , Prime Minister Narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers MSPs that are at least 50 per cent above the cost ( A2+Fl and not C2 ) .
Prime Minister Narendramodi , on November 29 last year , had asked BJP MPs and Mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between November 8 , the day he announced Demonetisation , and December 31 to party chief Amit Shah on January 1 .
Prime Minister Narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the BJP government in Uttar Pradesh .
Accusing the previous Congress regimes of Gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair , chief minister Narendramodi today said unlike them , his government was working for farmers welfare .
On implementation of Demonetisation process , Prime Minister Narendramodi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in TV bytes and not debates .
Prime Minister Narendramodi ( PTI /File photo ) prime minister Narendramodi ( PTI /File photo ) with still two months left till the goods and services tax ( GST ) roll out , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism .
Prime Minister Narendramodi , in his second interview to a private news channel , said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes , but the introduction of GST will make this process very transparent .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Prime Minister Narendramodi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently , also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial Drought-Prone areas .
Sagar Kulkarni , Feb 3 , 2017 , Dhns 8:48 Istdateline : New Delhidays after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of high value currency notes , agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for Rabi crops across the country .
The changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation ( R & R ) measures to farmers , Prime Minister Narendramodi said .
Open to changes in land bill that benefit poor : Pmnew Delhi : May 28 , 2015 , Dhns 2:14 Istparties should keep aside political motives : Modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers , poor , village and nation will be accepted , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Wednesday asserting that along with GST bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on April 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains .
Gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake RS 2,000 notes between November 9 last year , a day after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , and March 7 this year , followed by Delhi and Karnataka .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Central team to be sent to Karnataka to assess drought : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 24 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:18 Ista central team is being sent to Karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there , Prime Minister Narendramodi told an All-Party delegation from the state led by chief minister Siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the Aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government , particularly in agriculture , rural housing and railway sectors .
We can 'Clean ' India : Modimumbai , Nov 20 , 2016 , Dhns 1:09 Istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Saturday night , sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the Mega-Drive against black money and corruption .
Black money fight against big people , not small traders : Pmghaziabad , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 20:13 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said the government 's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big Babus and that small traders need not worry .
It 's just beginning , says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'Crusade'New Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 13:09 Istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said as the BJP parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade .
Farmers ' income should double in six years : Modibhubaneswar , Feb 22 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:42 Istthe NDA government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Sunday .
New Delhi , Aug 15 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 10:31 Istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said RS 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'Side effects ' .
At the meeting of the BJP parliamentary party yesterday , Prime Minister Narendramodi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by Congress-Ruled States and their chief ministers .
Prime Minister Narendramodi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax ( GST ) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it , Naidu said after the meeting .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Narendramodi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
Coke heeds to PM 's call , to launch fizzy drink with fruit Juicenew Delhi , Feb 11 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 14:48 Istbeverages giant Coca-Cola is set to launch a new 'Juice with fizz ' drink , more than a year after Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help Indian farmers increase sales .
Vardhan said , Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country .
The Pmo direction came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the November-December period after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation .
Mangaluru : December 8 , 2016 , Dhns 0:09 Ista month after Demonetisation , getting change a problem for Citizensit will be one month on Thursday since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at ATMs has been increased to RS 2,500 per day by the RBI .
At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Narendramodi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
Sharma said prime minister Narendramodi , during BJP 's poll campaign , had claimed that black money was to the tune of RS 85 lakh crore .
700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:29 Istaround 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
New Delhi , may 26 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 18:21 Istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said the country can not move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:32 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Pm seeks views of people on Demonetisationnew Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 12:26 Istamid opposition attack , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on Demonetisation via his app .
Modi to stress on black money at G-20 Summitnew Delhi , Nov 11 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:29 Istprime minister Narendramodi on Monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the G-20 summit in Australia .
Pm wants 50 PC farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 Yrsnew Delhi , Jan 31 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 14:22 Isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years .
Bal Thackeray would 've backed Demonetisation : PM to Sena Mpsmumbai , Nov 22 , 2016 ( PTI ) 21:45 Istamid Shiv Sena 's growing criticism of centre 's Demonetisation move , Prime Minister Narendramodi today told the party MPs had former party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive , he would have supported the move .
Budget is close to dreams of people : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 29 , 2016 ( PTI ) 19:05 Istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said its biggest focus is on villages , poor people , farmers , women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes .
This is what Prime Minister Narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here .
Committed to attack graft : PM after BJP show in civic Pollsgonda ( up ) , Feb 24 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 15:50 Istbuoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:46 Istin Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
Annapurna Singh , New Delhi , Feb 10 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:00 Istprime minister Narendramodi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol , diesel and other essential items while campaigning for Delhi polls , but the agricultural produce market committee data from Asias largest Azadpur Mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits , in fact , had risen close to 100 per cent .
Modi announces 50 PC increase in compensation for distressed Farmersnew Delhi , April 09 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:28 Istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
The misery of artisans like Hakak ended when Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 .
Antalya ( Turkey ) , Nov 16 , 2015 ( Ians ) 16:19 Istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Monday , the second and final day of the G20 summit here .
The Pmos directions came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in November-December 2016 , soon after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of High-Denomination notes .
Modi wants RBI to prepare 20-Yr road map for fin Inclusionmumbai , Apr 2 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 13:41 Istprime minister Narendramodi today asked the Reserve Bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them , especially farmers .
Reap crop insurance benefit : PM Modibelagavi : Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers , said prime minister Narendramodi , as he set out to explain details of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana at a farmers convention in Belagavi on Saturday .
Delivering the 38th edition of his 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Prime Minister Narendramodi said , can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022 ?
Prime Minister Narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that Demonetisation will put an end to black money , fake currency and terrorism .
This ( agriculture ) is an area where India and the bank can fruitfully join hands , Prime Minister Narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd African Development Bank 's ( Afdb ) annual event on Tuesday .
The schemes announced on Friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers , PM Narendramodi claimed .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had said that after Demonetisation , terrorism will stop but it has not happened .
According to information accessed from the registrar of companies ( RoC ) , in the year after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off , the fifth most in the country after Delhi and Maharashtra , Andhra Pradesh-Telangana and Tamil Nadu .
Chief minister Naveenpatnaik has already announced his support for Demonetisation move of the centre .
In the last 10 years , Naveenpatnaik said , Odisha has doubled farmers income and lifted eight million people above the poverty line .
Not much has been done to address the adverse impact of Demonetisation , Naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of Odisha relating to development of KBK region , opening of bank branches in unbanked gram Panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of SCS and STS have not addressed .
Not much has been done to address the adverse impact of Demonetisation , Naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of Odisha relating to development of KBK region , opening of bank branches in unbanked gram Panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of SCS and STS have not been addressed .
Reviewing the situation , chief minister Naveenpatnaik asked the agriculture and allied departments to prepare a contingency plan and get prepared for any eventuality .
We 'll certainly examine it ( proposal for waiving farm loans ) , Naveenpatnaik said .
Aware that the government is often being criticised following the suicide of farmers , Naveenpatnaik said : We are the only state to have doubled farmers ' income in the last decade .
Pti Photothe Odisha Govenrment will explore the proposal to waive agricultural loans of farmers in the state , chief minister Naveenpatnaik said on Wednesday .
( express file photo by Prem Nath Pandey ) a day before the introduction of the state goods and service tax ( GST ) bill in the Odisha assembly , chief minister Naveenpatnaik on Wednesday said GST was a major financial reform which would transform the country into one single market .
Odisha chief minister Naveenpatnaik today asked the district collectors to attach importance to farmers issues while opposition Congress demanded constitution of a farmers commission in the state .
Union minister Nirmalasitharaman said that the Congress is indulging in fear-mongering on Demonetisation .
Making a Suo Moto statement today in Lok Sabha on the trade pact clinched at the WTO meeting at Geneva last night , commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman said besides accepting its concerns on public Stockholding , the deal by the 160-Member body allows India to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers .
Ajith Athrady , DH news service , New Delhi , may 20 2017 , 15:43 Istthe goods and services tax ( GST ) will help improve India 's export growth , commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman said here on Saturday .
Commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman said in Chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the GST while environment minister Prakash Javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in Rajya Sabha .
Responding to the opposition parties , commerce and industry minister Nirmalasitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by Drought-Hit farmers in Tamil Nadu and that finance minister Arun Jaitley , agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh and water resources minister Uma Bharti have already met delegations from the state .
Commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman on Saturday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) will help improve Indias export growth .
Commerce and industry minister Nirmalasitharaman today said Amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax ( GST ) is rolled out .
Chief minister Nitishkumar says the cases of black money and Benami properties against Lalu clan fall under the domain of central government , but this case pertains to the state government only .
Patna : India and China can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education , tourism , industry , agriculture and infrastructure technology , chief minister Nitishkumar on Thursday said while welcoming a 12-member Chinese delegation led by Communist Party of China secretary of Gansu province Lu Hao .
But the list , submitted to the Supreme Court , is not complete and it lacks the details of persons with black money , Nitishkumar said .
Patna , may 5 : the Rjd has raked up the issue of Demonetisation again , even though its ally JDU 's chief Nitishkumar had said the note ban had found resonance among the poor .
In a letter to union environment minister Jairam Ramesh , Nitishkumar said : the social acceptability of BT crops in the farming community continues to be an issue .
Addressing 2,279 SMS at a workshop on agriculture expansion and rebirth for them , Nitishkumar said the state was continuously experiencing climate changes .
Those who implemented Demonetisation should be asked the rest of the things , Nitishkumar said .
People from far and wide will land here to study agriculture adding to the prosperity and Urbanisation of the region , Nitishkumar said .
Asked whether he would support yoga guru Baba Ramdev in his fight against black money and corruption , Nitishkumar said every person has the right to express his views in a Democratic manner , which is a step in the right direction .
On the occasion , chief minister Nitishkumar had said : no farmer would be allowed to remain dissatisfied .
Pictures by Jai Prakash and Pankaj Kumar Patna , July 29 : chief minister Nitishkumar today said the damage to houses and crops from the raging flood will be assessed soon , as the death toll rose to 26 .
Inaugurating a three-day international conference on organic Bihar , Nitishkumar said : to achieve sustainable agriculture growth , organic farming has to be expanded .
Expressing thanks to all the members , Nitishkumar said Bihar has been in favour of GST from the beginning .
I had written to the union minister of environment and forests in January saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers ( on transgenic crops ) are now pushing the technology through public institutions , Nitishkumar said .
Responding to a question of BJP MLA Achchudanand during the question hour , Nitishkumar said : the Credit-Deposit ratio has increased to 40 per cent but banks do not generally give loans to farmers , students and other priority sectors .
Dev Rajpatna : chief minister Nitishkumar on Wednesday said the government had decided to implement the Bihar Rajya Fasal Sahayata Yojna to protect farmers against the vagaries of nature as they were not benefiting from the centre 's crop insurance scheme .
Both the governments used to pay RS 400 crore each as insurance premium for Kharif and Rabi crops , but the farmers were getting compensation worth only RS 150 crore , Nitishkumar said .
Exhorting fish farmers in the presence of animal husbandry and fisheries minister Awadhesh Kumar Singh , agriculture minister Ramvichar RAI , cooperatives minister Alok Kumar Mehta and food and consumer protection minister Madan Sahni , to take a pledge to produce more fish to fulfil Bihar 's demand and also export to other states , Nitishkumar said the blue revolution in fisheries sector was a part of his concept of rainbow revolution to improve the income of people , raise their standard of living and bolster the revenue of the state .
Speaking further , Nitishkumar said that restoration of Lakhandei to its old course was very important because its drying up and the river shifting and taking another course had led to a situation in which farmers were not getting water for irrigating their crops .
Once the report comes in , we will take measures to compensate farmers , Nitishkumar said .
Patna , March 4 : chief minister Nitishkumar today said a cabinet committee would be formed to ensure proper monitoring of agricultural roadmap in the state .
Addressing a convention organised by the womens wing of Kisan Manch in Lucknow , Nitishkumar said people in Bihar are very happy with the ban on liquor .
B'Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar ( PTI photo ) Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar ( PTI photo ) Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar on Tuesday said that while everybody was ready to Deify Mahatama Gandhi very few were willing to follow his thoughts and attributed present days crises in agriculture and environment to ignoring paths shown by him .
( source : PTI ) Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar on Friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every Panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in Panchayat Bhawans in the state .
Watch video | Nitishkumar , Sitaram Yechury , Kapil Sibal in an engaging discussion at P Chidambarams book Launchcalling Demonetisation a big blunder , Chidambaram said it is possible that popular silence is being interpreted as popular support .
We believe in GST and have favoured it since the beginning ; it is for the welfare of the state and the country , Nitishkumar said after the meeting .
B'For promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise Rupay card among people , Bihar cm Nitishkumar said .
For promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise Rupay card among people , Bihar cm Nitishkumar said .
In a bid to expose Modi 's double speak , Nitishkumar said : Modi had promised to bring back black money after being elected to power .
But after coming to power , they have taken an Anti-Farmer stand and diluted certain provisions in the law which have made the farmers rudderless , said Nitishkumar , addressing the Jd-U workers rally on the occasion of his birthday .
Need for maximum Oppn Unity , note ban a diversion : Nitishnew Delhi , Feb 10 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:23 Istthere is need for maximum opposition unity against BJP based on a proper agenda , Bihar chief Nitishkumar said today in comments that were also critical of Demonetisation which he felt was done without preparation .
Otherwise , the mass anger due to agrarian distress , Demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the BJP in the assembly polls , Omarabdullah said at an event here .
Referring to defence minister Manohar Parrikar 's claim that Demonetisation had a positive impact on the Kashmir situation , Omarabdullah said , instead of continuing to invest in delusions and Deflections , there is a need to understand real issues so that a solution can be worked out .
Kerala chief minister Oommenchandy asked the prime minister to allocate funding meant for programmes like 'Beti Bachao Abhiyan ' and 'Jan Dhan Yojana ' to develop the state 's dwindling agriculture productivity .
If all lakes are filled and the levels are maintained throughout the year , it would be a boon to fishermen , says Park , a farmer .
V s park , director , state drought monitoring cell said that it was good that paddy cultivation was reducing in the state .
Later in the day , Punjab chief minister park said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from Tuesday , and RS 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours .
Mla park told reporters that the district was facing its worst drought and drinking water crisis in recent times .
Asked whether farmers would had to give up hopes of cultivation in the given situation in most parts of the state , park said , rainy season is like gambling .
V s park , director , drought monitoring cell , said that sowing activities would increase if there are sufficient rains across the state in September .
Speaking to express , park said , there is a myth , just like the myth post Demonetisation that prices would fall , that there is no demand for real estate .
Lauding Modis move against black money , chief minister park said that the drive would eradicate black money from India .
Transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like Aadhaar and public distribution system for food , but they do n't have the documents for this , said RAM park , programme manager , Aarohan .
The cultivation of vegetables has now become an attractive work , said park , who also cultivates flowers in small beds on his agriculture land and had also received a district-level award in 2013-14 for the same .
After a survey of crop loss and amid mounting criticism from the Congress and resentment shown by the farmers , chief minister park announced a RS 600 crore relief for cotton growers .
( source : PTI ) despite the ongoing tension at the Indo-Pak border , the farmers in the States Border-Belt with Pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost , Punjab chief minister park said on Sunday .
He said chief minister park and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of Punjab and it would go to any length , including sacrificing their own lives , for the safety and security of Punjabis in general and farmers in particular .
Taking a cue from Advani , Punjab chief minister park said , a big issue has come up in the country NDA chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have .
Punjab chief minister park ( file photo ) Punjab chief minister park on Monday announced a grant of RS 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the Whitefly menace .
Chief minister park on Sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of Gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of Indiabulls , and they can start tilling their land .
( source : express photo by Rana Simranjit Singh ) Punjab chief minister park on Saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues , particularly those related to farmers .
Yesterday , Punjab chief minister park had said that he would Denotify the land acquired for the Sutlej-Yamuna link ( Syl ) canal and return it to farmers .
Jai park said the farmers , already reeling from the lower price , feel cheated by the government for not offering adequate compensation for the land .
But NDA will have to meet first ( to take a decision ) , sad veteran and Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal told reporters here after a meeting with agriculture minister Sharad Pawar .
Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal ( file photo ) Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal on Monday announced a grant of RS 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the Whitefly menace .
He said chief minister Parkashsinghbadal and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of Punjab and it would go to any length , including sacrificing their own lives , for the safety and security of Punjabis in general and farmers in particular .
Taking a cue from Advani , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said , a big issue has come up in the country NDA chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have .
Yesterday , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal had said that he would Denotify the land acquired for the Sutlej-Yamuna link ( Syl ) canal and return it to farmers .
Chief minister Parkashsinghbadal on Sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of Gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of Indiabulls , and they can start tilling their land .
( source : PTI ) despite the ongoing tension at the Indo-Pak border , the farmers in the States Border-Belt with Pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said on Sunday .
( source : express photo by Rana Simranjit Singh ) Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal on Saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues , particularly those related to farmers .
Later in the day , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from Tuesday , and RS 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours .
Lauding Modis move against black money , chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said that the drive would eradicate black money from India .
Uninterrupted power to farmers in two years : Piyush Goyalpatna , Nov 15 , 2014 , ( Ians ) : 17:38 Istthe Narendra Modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across India in the next two years , Union power minister Piyushgoyal said Saturday .
New Delhi : dispelling rumours that finance minister Arun Jaitley was unaware of Demonetisation , power minister Piyushgoyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open .
Power minister Piyushgoyal said election results are a clear mandate of PM Modis Pro-Poor policies , good governance , Demonetisation and model of development .
On Demonetisation , Pranabmukherjee said the move may have led to a temporary slowdown in the economy , but would bring more transparency into the system .
To combat evils of black money , corruption , counterfeit currency and terror financing , Pranabmukherjee said the government took the decision on November 8 to Demonetise old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes .
New Delhi : President Pranabmukherjee on Sunday said that the Aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country .
Even countries which are technologically far more advanced than India with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place , said Pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions .
New Delhi : hinting at the recent incidents of atrocities against Dalits , president Pranabmukherjee on Sunday said that attacks on weaker sections of the society were aberrations , which needed to be dealt with firmly , even as he hailed the consensus achieved for the passage of the goods and services tax bill ( GST ) in parliament .
In the Just-Concluded session of parliament , the passage of the Constitution amendment bill for the introduction of GST amidst non-partisan and quality parliamentary deliberations is reason enough to celebrate our democratic maturity , Pranabmukherjee said in his fifth address as the president .
At the core of all my governments policies is the welfare of the Garib , Dalit , Pidit , Shoshit , Vanchit , Kisan , Shramik and Yuva , Pranabmukherjee said in his address .
Assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture , Pranabmukherjee said : my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers .
Addressing the opening session of the two-day conference in which union cabinet ministers , food and agriculture ministers from states and senior government officials are taking part , Pranabmukherjee said procurement of foodgrains and enhancement of storage capacity in view of the proposed national food security act .
The proposed law will not harass honest taxpayers , but is aimed at tax evaders , finance minister Pranabmukherjee told members of Lok Sabha on Tuesday , replying to the general discussion on budget , which marks the completion of one of the three stages of passage of the budget .
New Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Dhns : 21:46 Istslow progress in manufacturing and agriculture is the Reasona concerned finance minister Pranabmukherjee said the trend is disappointing and more focus is needed on reaching higher growth trajectory and keeping inflation at a moderate level .
Govt doing everything on black money Issuenew Delhi , Feb 23 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:47 Istthe government is determined to take all possible steps to stop generation of black money , both domestically and globally , president Pranabmukherjee told a joint sitting of parliament on Monday .
Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee , who was also present at the function , said this UID project will help in improving the delivery mechanism of social welfare schemes .
In his address to the joint session of parliament , Pranabmukherjee said the government attaches paramount importance to safeguard the interest of farmers and families affected by land acquisition .
Finance Minister Pranabmukherjee had announced in the budget 2011-12 that a public debate on the services tax to help the government finalise the approach to GST would take place .
To fill the gap in storage capacity requirements , Nabard should interact with private sector players , Pranabmukherjee said , addressing the foundation day of National Bank for agriculture and rural development , the apex bank for agriculture sector loans in the country .
On the farm sector loan , Pranabmukherjee said , against the target of flow of RS 3,75,000 crore as agricultural credit in 2010-11 , the achievement has been over RS 4,46,000 crore .
With them , we are not having Dtaa , but we are entering into agreement , which is called exchange of tax information , Pranabmukherjee said , adding that the problem of black money can be addressed only in a legal way .
The department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers , Pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department .
Besides , India will also take up issues related to high commodity prices and food security at the annual meet of the adb and seek global cooperation to check unaccounted money , Pranabmukherjee said .
As for bailing out Sericulture farmers hit by price crash , Pranabmukherjee told the delegation that as he has to take care of everybody in the sector including weavers , consumers and farmers , the centre would take suitable decision soon .
Protecting the interest of the farmers , their right to fair compensation , rehabilitation , resettlement and financial compensation has been refined , Pranabmukherjee told the joint sitting of parliament on the opening day of the budget session .
Aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas , Pranabmukherjee said .
In his speech , president Pranabmukherjee said GST would boost economic efficiency .
2 : President Pranabmukherjee today said States needed to come on board and develop an appropriate mechanism to roll out goods and services tax ( GST ) .
If you want GST , unless we can get the states on board through some mechanism , we will have difficulties , Pranabmukherjee said .
B'Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee on Saturday said that the government has sent notice to 17 persons in connection with stashing black money in foreign banks but it was not possible to reveal their names .
Talking about the recent roll-out of goods and services tax , Pranabmukherjee said the passage of GST speaks volume about the maturity of the parliament .
In his address , Pranabmukherjee said that Demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless , it will improve the transparency of the economy .
B'Five days after a Congress delegation led by Aicc general secretary Rahul Gandhi met the prime minister demanding loan waiver for weavers , Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee announced a RS 3,000 crore allocation for the weavers cooperative societies on Monday .
The focus will be in making available affordable credit , ensuring assured supply of seeds and fertilisers , improving irrigation facilities , comprehensive risk coverage , improving productivity through soil health cards , assured market and remunerative prices for the produce through E-Nam ( National agriculture market ) , Pranabmukherjee said .
Chief minister Prithvirajchavan said talks were on with the Karnataka government to get water from the Almatti dam to tackle the worsening drought situation in the state .
Maharashtra chief minister Prithvirajchavan today said that his comments on comparative figures of agriculture growth rates in the state and neighbouring Gujarat were unfortunately mutilated .
Maharashtra chief minister Prithvirajchavan today said suspended work of the contentious closed water pipeline project at Maval , which led to a violent protest recently , would not be Recommenced till the misgivings of the affected farmers were removed .
There is a move to set up a new agency for probing anomalies in income tax returns filed by 18 lakh people after Demonetisation , Union minister Radhamohansingh said on Wednesday .
Purvi Champaran ( Bihar ) key contestants : Radhamohansingh ( BJP ) , Akash Singh ( Rlsp ) main factors and issues : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an MP from Purvi Champaran , earlier known as Motihari , has announced this to be his last election .
Piloting the legislation , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said the bill only shows the commitment of the Modi government towards northeastern states .
Bikaner : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh today said 'The Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojna ( Pmksy ) ' will help deal with the menace of drought as more area will be covered under the irrigation scheme .
On Pusa 16 , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said , this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in January and will be available for sowing in the Kharif 2017 season .
Radha Mohan Singh ( BJP ) , Akash Singh ( Rlsp ) Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an MP from Purvi Champaran , earlier known as Motihari , has announced this to be his last election .
Agriculture Minister Radhamohansingh said , this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in January and will be available for sowing in the Kharif 2017 season .
( file photo ) Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said in Lok Sabha Thursday that he would be happy if the new BJP government in Uttar Pradesh waived farm loans as promised by the party before the assembly elections .
45 crore allotted to Operationalise the horticulture mission last year , Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said on September 2 and hoped the state would use the entire amount received from the centre this year .
Successive crop failure and expenditure on health , marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said during question hour .
Agriculture Minister Radhamohansingh said the rains and hailstorm altogether affected 94 lakh hectares of crop area across 14 States over the last three months .
The fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited Drought-Hit areas recently , Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh told reporters here .
But the scheme never took off due to change in the government at the centre , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh told reporters here .
Agriculture Minister Radhamohansingh said that about 113 lakh hectares of Rabi crop have been destroyed due to unseasonal rains .
Govt ready with contingency plan to deal with poor monsoon : Minnew Delhi , June 2 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 22:53 Istthe government is ready with contingency plans in 580 districts to deal with poor monsoon , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said today .
Crop Insurancepatna : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Friday said the centre has extended to August 31 the last date to enrol in the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana for Bihar , aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities .
Over and above MSP , we have decided to give a bonus of RS 425 per quintal for pulses and RS 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting .
Modi agenda Gopalganj : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Sunday said agenda of Modi government for five years is to strengthen the country and this is possible only when farmers and villages are taken care of .
15 : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the National centre of organic farming ( Ncof ) , headquartered in Ghaziabad , Uttar Pradesh , to promote organic farming .
Pune : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Tuesday said the cooperative sector could play a pivotal role in bridging the rich-poor gap and help the country achieve SAB ka Saath , SAB ka Vikas .
After inspecting the Rain-Hit areas , animal husbandry minister Radhakrishnan said the department officials were instructed to provide enough fodder to the cattle and also conduct a survey on the death toll to assist the cattle farmers .
Though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price , it can not prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat , said Radhakrishnan .
By Ptiwashington : Demonetisation and the goods and services tax ( GST ) are the two major headwinds that held back India 's economic growth last year , former RBI governor Raghuramrajan has said , asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country 's needs .
Repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing , thereby also disrupting the credit market , former RBI governor Raghuramrajan had said .
While taking a number of questions on GST , Rahulgandhi told the audience that the very structure of GST is flawed .
Addressing the media at the MP border , Rahulgandhi said , PM Modi doesnt waive off farmer loans , doesnt give them benefits , only gives them bullets .
Ganesh Shirsekarcongress vice-president Rahulgandhi said on Saturday that the GST bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with Congress support if the Narendra Modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party .
Accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
( express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi ) accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
( express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi ) accusing prime minister Narendra Modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the RBI , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said on Monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on Demonetisation just a day before the move .
Read more Hererahul Gandhi hits out at BJP govt over GST Billspeaking at an interaction with students in Mumbai , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said it was the BJP which was responsible for the GST bill being delayed for seven years , adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session , it would have to give in to their concerns .
25Pm : the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers , Rahulgandhi said before leaving for Udaipur .
25Pm : Rahulgandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences .
12:34Pm : Rahulgandhi said to be heading towards Mandsaur on a Kutcha route through Villages12:24Pm : administration and police flustered at Rahulgandhi Move12:23Pm : Congress workers present in huge numbers at Nimbaheda to greet and welcome Rahul Gandhi12:21Pm : Nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of Neemuch , one of the many centres of Violence12:20Pm : Congress using farmers protest as a photo-op , says Venkaiah Naidu , dismisses demands for MP CMS Resignation12:16Pm : special protection group accompanying Congress V-P confirms Rahulgandhi is trying to enter Mandsaur district via Nimbaheda .
Congress vice-president Rahulgandhi said on Wednesday the Uttar Pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to RS 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction .
This story is from December 12 , 2018Picture used for representational purpose Onlydownload the times of India news app for latest Citybhopal : a year after the incident of firing in Mandsaur leading to death of six farmers , the Congress president Rahulgandhi in June this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in Madhya Pradesh .
Market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after Aicc president Rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to RS 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in Madhya Pradesh .
Continuing the attack on Congress at another rally , Raje said , Rahulgandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer , but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for UpTo RS 50K .
Addressing the agitators , Congress chief Rahulgandhi said , farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift , but only their rightful due .
New Delhi : with newly formed Congress governments in MP and Chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers , party chief Rahulgandhi said the opposition will not let PM Narendra Modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally .
Also read : Kisan rally highlights | PM failed to fulfil promises , say Rahulgandhi , Arvind Kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue , claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court saying it would not implement the M s Swaminathan commission report .
By Ptinew Delhi : the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future , Congress president Rahulgandhi said on Friday and called for a farm loan waiver .
Urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against Modi and raising farmers issue during the address , Rahulgandhi claimed that the PM had duped farmers and looted the people of India to give `30,000 crore to Anil Ambani .
By Ptirajnandgaon : if the Congress was voted to power in Chhattisgarh , it will write off farmers ' debts within 10 days , party president Rahulgandhi said Friday .
By Iansjaipur : the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the Congress will do it if comes to power after the Lok Sabha polls , Congress president Rahulgandhi said at a farmers ' outreach here on Wednesday .
On Tuesday , Rahulgandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the Narendra Modi government waives farm loans across the country .
Donning a Himachali cap with dry followers atop , Rahulgandhi in his forty minute speech said , `` Demonetisation is a move against the poor .
On the farm loan waiver issue , Rahulgandhi said , when they were in government they waived RS 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the BJP MPs criticism against the same .
Earlier , attacking the Narendra Modi government on Demonetisation , Congress president Rahulgandhi on Wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers .
Ani Byraebareli : Congress president Rahulgandhi on Saturday said that no prime minister except Narendra Modi took foolish decisions such as Demonetisation and goods and servies tax ( GST ) in the past 70 years .
Referring to his visit last week to Madhya Pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing , Rahulgandhi said , when I asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state , they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders .
The government and opposition parties were Thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister Arun Jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend Demonetisation while Congress president Rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1 .
Talking to journalists after being stopped , Rahulgandhi said , the Narendra Modi government and the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government are both Anti-Farmer .
Ejaz Kaiser Byexpress news Serviceraipur : Congress president Rahulgandhi , in a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government at the centre and in Chhattisgarh , said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor , the farmers , the labourers and the youngsters .
At the same rally , Congress president Rahulgandhi had said : the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis .
Urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against Modi and raising farmers issue during the address , Rahulgandhi claimed that the PM had duped farmers and looted people of India to give RS 30,000 crore to Anil Ambani .
Cong wo n't allow govt to take land of farmers easily : Rahulanantapur ( AP ) , July 24 , 2015 , PTI : 12:58 Isthitting out at the NDA government over the contentious land bill , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi today said he would not let prime minister Narendra Modi take farmers ' land easily .
Opposing the land bill , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill .
Congress chief Rahulgandhi had said that giving farmers RS 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for .
Congress leader Rahulgandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent GST .
It is , however , essential that cold chain is maintained after treatment of the fruit , said Dr Rajeshkumar , assistant director , Department of agriculture , Bihar .
It is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure Post-Demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating ATMs , said Jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary Rajivkumar and owner of an HP fuel outlet in Sakchi .
By Ptinew Delhi : Niti Aayog vice chairman Rajivkumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'Successive governments ' , even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods .
By express news Servicebhubaneswar : urging people to vote for BJP and oust the Bjd government to ensure speedy development of the state , Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday announced that all farmers will be provided interest free loan of RS 1 lakh for five years if the saffron party comes to power in Odisha .
Collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how Demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups , Rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural 51st post-independence Dgps/Igps Conference-2016 at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy in Hyderabad on Friday .
New Delhi : sounding bullish on the state of economy , Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said the centre was hopeful of crossing the hurdles in rolling out GST from April 1 next year .
Collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how Demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups , '' Rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence Dgps/Igps Conference-2016 at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy in Hyderabad on Friday .
Lucknow : in a message to those criticising note ban , Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said they should show patience for the 50-day period as the decision has been taken keeping national interest in mind and the situation will normalise after that .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Thursday said there were reports of anti-social elements instigating the Madhya Pradesh farmers agitation , which led to the police firing that claimed five lives .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday asked Indias voters to throw the BJP out of power if the government fails to double farmers income by 2022 , a statement which came amid a violent agitation by Agriculturists in Madhya Pradesh .
Earlier , Union home minister Rajnathsingh told the gathering that the NDA government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature .
4:50 PM : home minister Rajnathsingh said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
( source : Ani photo ) Rajnathsingh on Thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
( source : Ani photo ) condemning the violence in Mandsaur district of Madhya Pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce , home minister Rajnathsingh on Thursday said , the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday said the NDA government was working hard to improve the condition of farmers , claiming it was the first government ever to have resolved to double farm incomes by 2022 .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday said that the nation can not be prosperous unless the farmers of the country earn more .
Finance Minister RAM claimed there was no record of the cabinet meeting of November 8 which , according to the government , had taken the Demonetisation decision .
When asked about Demonetisations effects on the public banking sector , Vijaya bank executive director B s RAM said , it is a temporary phenomenon , which does not affect the demands of the corporate sector .
He also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community , RAM said .
Speaking to reporters in Bengaluru on Thursday , RAM said though the procurement centres have been opened since December 23 , there has not been much response from the farmers as the minimum support price ( MSP ) has been fixed at RS 1,100 per quintal , when compared to RS 1,300 per quintal , last season .
It 's not possible to release Tamil Nadu 's share as per the award as our ( Karnataka 's ) farmers very much need water during this four-month period , RAM said in the assembly , briefing the members on the deliberations .
Recalling the contributions of the Wadiyar kings , especially Nalvadi , to all fields to make Mysuru a welfare state , including education , agriculture , irrigation , and industries , RAM said , since he became chief minister , roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of RS 1,580 crore .
Making a Suo Moto statement today in Lok Sabha on the trade pact clinched at the WTO meeting at Geneva last night , commerce minister RAM said besides accepting its concerns on public Stockholding , the deal by the 160-Member body allows India to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers .
While RAM told reporters that the memorandum submitted by the state , asking for a financial assistance of RS 11,492 crore , has little to do with drought and more to do with structural programmes , Pawar said that Karnataka stood at a far comfortable position than what has been projected by Shettar .
Echoing Ravindranaths views , H C RAM , president of advocates association of Bengaluru , said , we have to give justice to the litigants and many of the litigants are farmers .
Help promised to Farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion , RAM said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state .
Dh Photochief minister RAM on Wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax ( GST ) from July 1 .
It is a coincidence that I was the finance minister when value added tax ( VAT ) was introduced and now when GST is going to be introduced , I hold the finance portfolio , RAM said .
Deputy commissioner N RAM told reporters on Thursday that government had released RS 52 crore for the district to provide compensation for the farmers in Gokak , Raibag , Athani and Ramdurg Taluks who had suffered losses due to the hailstorms .
Prof RAM said the government should have allocated a large sum for agriculture as it is going through a serious crisis .
With over 100 farmers committing suicide in Karnataka for the past one month due to agriculture-related crises , we want to know what steps the Congress-Ruled state has taken to mitigate the problem , RAM told Deccan Herald .
Addressing a press conference in Bengaluru , RAM said prime minister Narendra Modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget .
Congress state president g RAM said the distressed farming community had again met with disappointment .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister RAM today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
Meanwhile , RAM on Sunday told reporters in Mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver .
Wondering how the commission can ignore Karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years , RAM said even smaller states like Haryana have received more allocation than Karnataka .
Lawyer-Turned-Organic farmer and founder of the green path , H R RAM said : the festival enables farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers .
Chief minister RAM , who described Puttaiah as a model farmer , said , though the latter lacks education ( he quit studies while in class eight ) , he has vast experience in agriculture .
Dh news service , Bengaluru , Jun 10 2017 , 1:10 Istchief minister RAM announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for Karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them .
Later , at a party event at which former Vice-Chancellor of the University of agricultural sciences , Dr R Dwarkeenath , was feted , RAM said he and Modi were poles apart .
When asked about Union agriculture Minsiter Radha Mohan Singh 's controversial statement that love affairs were a cause for farmers ' suicide , RAM said it was being misinterpreted .
Government ready to include Ragi , Jowar under Pdsbangalore , July 10 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:52 Istthe state government is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it , chief minister RAM said on Wednesday .
No Objectionearlier , agriculture minister RAM said his department had no objection to the proposal to supply Ragi and Jowar through the PDS .
Modi opposed GST when he was chief minister of Gujarat and he is now championing the GST as prime minister and we welcome that , RAM said adding we welcome the facts that he has made these U-turns and taken positions as prime minister which were opposed to the positions which the BJP took when it was in opposition .
The Congress party will continue to expose the failures of the Modi government , RAM said adding for the Congress party in terms of substance , the greatest damage that Modi has done to Indian agriculture and to Indian farmers is the amendments to the land acquisition law of 2013 and open the doors to land grab .
On GST bill , RAM said the Congress wanted it to go to the select committee because certain provisions in the bill were not there when the then finance minister P RAM presented it in parliament in March 2011 .
Misuse of relief Amountearlier in the day , speaking to reporters at the RAM airport at Mandakalli in Mysuru , RAM said on Friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them .
We have been with the farmers and we were asking for it , environment minister RAM said .
The bidding process and final bid price are prominently displayed to the farmers on a LCD screen in the auction floor , RAM said .
Countering him , RAM said the introduction of the state GST bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament .
All-Party delegation to be taken to Delhi to resolve sugar cane Issuebelagavi : July 1 , 2015 , Dhns 1:10 Istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories , chief minister RAM has said .
Farmer suicides : increase in ex Gratia effective from Aprilbengaluru , October 15 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:27 Istcooperation minister H s RAM on Wednesday said hike in compensation to family members of farmers who have committed suicide and widow pension announced by chief minister RAM recently , will have retrospective effect from April 2015 .
Claiming victory of the Congress in its opposition of the land acquisition amendment Bill moved by the centre as six out of total nine important changes were taken back , RAM said the Congress was in favour of the passage of goods and services tax ( GST ) bill , but wanted four changes in its present form .
Sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount , but RAM may announce a partial loan waiver , thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers , reeling under severe drought .
Pointing out that Karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years , RAM said the state government had sought RS 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works .
Chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on Tuesday , RAM asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply , availability of fodder , increased number of man days under Mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas .
On crop loss , RAM said , the state has suffered a crop loss of RS 7,000 crore in Rabi season .
Sugar minister H s RAM said water resources minister M B Patil would hold a meeting of sugar cane farmers and factory owners in Bijapur on Thursday to resolve local issues pertaining to payment of sugar cane dues .
Farmer RAM said farming has not been taken up from the last four years .
Komul aims to double Productionshidlaghatta , Apr 3 , 2012 , Dhns : 2:04 Istkolar-Chikkaballapur milk union has ensured that dividends reach the farmers directly through its transparent administration , said Dr M N RAM , the managing director of the Karnataka milk Federation on Tuesday .
While Modi has failed to help us , Rahul Gandhi was here to assuage our pain , said RAM , a wheat farmer at Khanna wholesale market in the northern Indian state of Punjab .
The requirement of funds for the infrastructure , agriculture , horticulture , animal husbandry , women and child development , health and education sectors in the region is RS 16,000 crore , RAM said .
Reacting to union minister D V Sadananda Gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds , RAM said it was Gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue .
Presenting the state budget proposals , chief minister RAM said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs .
To prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax ( GST ) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration , RAM announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from RS 5 lakh turnover per year to RS 7 .
Meanwhile , addressing Mlas on the premises of the Delhi assembly on the GST , chief economic advisor RAM said he completely agreed on the principle of bringing liquor and land under the GST and all states should come together to make it happen .
Recalling Yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister , RAM said that , when Congress leader V s Ugrappa asked Yeddyurappa , the then chief minister , to waive off farm loans in the legislative council , Yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine .
However , keeping the drought in view , RAM has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
No incentive for sugarcane farmers , says Cmmandya : Oct 18 , 2014 , Dhns : 23:22 Istchief minister RAM said , no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce .
Sugar minister H s RAM said none of the sugar factories across the country had cleared dues of farmers within 14 days of procurement of sugar cane .
Noting that the Congress always supported the struggle of farmer , RAM said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924 .
Both because it is desirable , ( and ) also to tackle the problem of black money and things like that , chief economic adviser RAM said .
Piloting the bill , Karnataka chief minister RAM said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms , including VAT .
Taking an indirect dig at Bjp-Ruled States , RAM said as many as 24 States and one union territory have agreed to implement GST , but initially Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan were against it .
Puttanniah said chief minister RAM had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest .
In a statement , RAM said the series of farmer suicides had deeply distressed and pained him .
Speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with Deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of Zilla Panchayats of 12 districts of North Karnataka , RAM said the initial response from Maharashtra had been positive .
Magisterial probe into Kudagi Firingbelgaum , July 7 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:50 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries , but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project , which is facing opposition by farmers .
Chief minister RAM had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers .
Chief minister RAM , who launched the integrated marketing project , said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business .
Govt to talk to Cong , other parties on GST : Venkaiahbengaluru , Aug 18 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 15:36 Istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with Congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the GST and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament , Union parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah RAM said today .
Unfazed by the blockage of the GST bill in the Rajya Sabha by Congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the Lalit Modi issue , RAM said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive GST tax proposal from April 1 , 2016 .
Compensation to farmers after joint survey report : Cmapril 18 , 2015 , Gangavati ( Koppal Dist ) , Dhns 2:32 Istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the Hyderabad-Karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report , chief minister RAM said on Friday .
A sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers , RAM said .
When contacted , Dr RAM said that there was no clear reference to the lands in question in records and they had been converted for Non-Agricultural purposes only after verification of documents .
Delay in getting appointment with Modi upsets Siddaramaiahbengaluru , August 14 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:19 Istcm had sought time to discuss Kalasa-Banduri project , Droughtchief minister RAM on Thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss various issues , including implementation of the Kalasa-Banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state , had received no response .
Magisterial probe into farmer suicide Orderedbelgaum , Nov 28 , 2013 , Dhns : 2:42 Istchief minister RAM on Thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower Vithal Bheemappa Arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation .
Ajith Athrady , DH news service , New Delhi , may 20 2017 , 15:43 Istthe goods and services tax ( GST ) will help improve India 's export growth , commerce minister RAM said here on Saturday .
The way the fitment discussions have happened in the GST council and the way commodities and services have been treated , GST is only going to help in improving our exports , RAM said at a media conference to brief three years achievements of her ministry .
Modi to address farmers ' rally in Belagavi on February 27Hubballi , Feb 9 , 2016 , Dhns : 3:11 Iststate BJP president Pralhad RAM announced on Monday that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would address a farmers convention to be held in Belagavi on February 27 .
State failed to utilise grants from centre , say BJP Leaderstarikere , Oct 05 , 2015 , Dhns 23:48 Iststate BJP president Pralhad RAM said the Yediyurappa government had sanctioned UpTo RS 2 lakh interest-free loans for farmers and the RAM government has just raised the limit to RS 3 lakh and there is no question of interest here .
Replying to queries from the media on Tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation , chief minister RAM in Kolar said , I have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as I was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work on Monday .
Quota for farmers ' children in Agri Varsitymysore , Feb 24 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:39 Istchief minister RAM on Monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children .
Instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans , RAM should announce the States decision .
Zilla Panchayat engineer RAM said that the decision of farmers has not affected the Desilting works .
Action will be taken as per law , against all those ( Mills ) not abiding by the law , RAM told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers .
Responding to a question from s R Vishwanath ( BJP ) , RAM said farmers , from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project , would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites .
Amid the din , parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah RAM said the government was ready to discuss the farmer 's suicide , which is a important , serious and urgent .
Though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops , the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers , RAM said .
In a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime , RAM announced the constitution of GST consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders .
On Tuesday , chief minister RAM had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work .
Maharashtra government was Impleaded after RAM told the court that the state government was insisting on Aadhar card number to pay wages to its employees .
We have set up an agriculture price commission with Rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost , RAM said .
Launching a tirade against the Bjp-Led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , RAM said : Modi government is Anti-Farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act , only to benefit the corporates .
Compensation from centre for crop loss meagre : Cmgulbarga , SEP 6 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:25 Istchief minister RAM on Saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre .
Speaking at a rally after participating in a Padayatra with Rahul from Maidur to Gudagur in Ranebennur Taluk on Saturday , chief minister RAM said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from RS 2 lakh to RS 5 lakh .
The separate state is not for the rich , it was for the poor farmers and the students who were subjugated by Andhra rulers , Tjac chief Prof RAM said .
To send a message to farmers , who are in the habit of raising loans , RAM said , barring my father , who had obtained loan once from a Pld bank , nobody in our undivided family has availed loans .
Speaking to reporters in Bengaluru , RAM said that Rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in Mandya district on October 9 .
Recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined Arecanut crops in the coastal region , RAM said that the scientists from University of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies .
Cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought , says Cmbelagavi , Apr 26 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:12 Istchief minister RAM said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state .
Ryot leader Sunanda RAM said farmers in Mandya district are suffering due to severe drought and there is no sufficient water in the KRS dam .
The drought areas will be notified in consultation with states , rural development secretary J K RAM told PTI .
Cm warns of action against usurious Lendersjuly 19 , 2015 , Bengaluru , Dhns 1:16 Istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death , chief minister RAM said on Saturday .
Addressing farmers in the state through all India radio from Bengaluru , RAM said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest .
Stating that he was himself a son of a farmer , RAM said his government would make farmer welfare its priority .
Apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives , owing to the ongoing legislative session , RAM said he would do so once the session concluded .
Responding to clarifications from members , RAM said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of Arecanut , coconut , coffee and cotton growers in distress .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
Agriculture Minister RAM , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country , said Aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it .
Briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state , RAM said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes , but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes .
Let centre also waive farm loans , cm Sayshubballi , Oct 02 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:35 Ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks , chief minister RAM asked BJP leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks , or , at least the interest .
On his way to Haveri , RAM told Mediapersons at the airport here on Thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector , while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks .
The Dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of Karnataka , RAM told reporters on the occasion .
Govt in no hurry to declare Taluks Drought-Hitkolar , August 8 , 2013 , Dhns : 0:35 Istagriculture minister RAM announced on Thursday that the list of Drought-Hit Taluks in the state would be put once the rainy season ends .
It has not given funds for drinking water and fodder , which we had sought , RAM said , adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought .
Bangalore , July 25 , 2013 , Dhns : 23:32 Istchief minister RAM on Thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers ( recognition of forest rights ) act , 2006 , to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , RAM said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Elaborating on the ownership of the farmers , RAM said , starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments , the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same .
Asked about Congress ' reversal of stand on reform measures like goods and services tax ( GST ) , RAM said , we have not done U-turn .
Chief minister RAM reportedly said on Wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death .
In response to the BJP leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government , over the past 13 years 10 years of Congress-Led upa and three years of the Bjp-Led NDA governments for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought , RAM said , let them first take steps to release the pending RS 3,300 crore , as per our demand .
Drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of Indira Gandhi and Modi , RAM said the former took a revolutionary step to Nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers , Daily-Wagers and others to avail benefits of banking .
Chief minister RAM announced cloud seeding , in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts .
In his keynote address , C RAM , president , Indian society of agricultural economics and former Vice-Chancellor of agricultural University , Coimbatore said the government could establish an agricultural marketing Council , comprising both public and private stakeholders to monitor , investigate , analyse and advise market interventions .
Farmers should have confidence as the government is with them , RAM said .
Karnataka to clear RS 923 crore arrears to sugar cane Farmersbelagavi , June 30 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:13 Istchief minister RAM on Tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing RS 923 crore in two installments .
Fee waiver for farmers ' kids in Drought-Hit Areasdharwad , SEP 22 , 2013 , Dhns : 13:44 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of Drought-Affected areas in the state .
Reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing RS 4 to RS 5 per litre of milk , RAM said the new price will come into effect from December 10 .
Transport minister RAM told journalists here on Thursday that the annual revenue of the corporation will take a hit due to Demonetisation and diesel price hike .
Making a statement in the assembly later in the day , RAM said : it is not possible to release Tamil Nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period .
Assembly passes state GST Billchief minister RAM said Karnataka is prepared to implement the GST in the state .
The low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area , RAM said .
Chief minister RAM , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly , said the Arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban .
Speaking to reporters at the Kpcc office , state Congress president g RAM said vested interests had unnecessarily created confusion on the issue of giving a cheque to family members of a farmer who committed suicide .
Former finance minister P RAM , who had set the red lines outlined by the Congress , said the Congress was yet to receive any official copy of the revised formulations from the government on the GST bill .
Speaking at the programme , RAM said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers , demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield .
However , RAM earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped Lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at Apmcs .
When RAM said his traditional occupation was agriculture , the Enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague .
It 's not possible to release Tamil Nadu 's share as per the award as our ( Karnataka 's ) farmers very much need water during this four-month period , RAM said in the assembly , briefing the members on the deliberations .
At a time when people are distressed due to the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes by the union government , RAM has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector .
Regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands , RAM said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases .
Ragi , Jowar may come under Pdsthe state is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it , said chief minister RAM on Wednesday after launching the Anna Bhagya Yojane , Dhns reports from Bangalore .
In Mandya alone , authorities have registered more than fifty cases , and have seized about 1,000 documents , said RAM , who is on a visit to Mandya and RAM districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide .
About the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers , RAM said government is planning to constitute an expert committee .
Congmen to tour Drought-Hit areas on Sept 3Bangalore : , Aug 27 , 2012 , Dhns : 23:52 Istcongress leaders will tour Drought-Hit regions in the state between September 3 and 10 to assess the situation , said Karnataka Pradesh Congress committee ( Kpcc ) president g RAM on Monday .
Suicide not a Solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state , RAM said that suicide is not a solution .
Chief minister RAM said 80 of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre .
Our Pro-Poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people , free milk supply to students , interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state , RAM said .
Speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the University of agricultural sciences , Bangalore , RAM said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce .
But many of the committee members are politically motivated and acting in their own interest rather than pursuing the interests of the farmers , RAM told reporters in Nashik .
Pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 Apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable , RAM claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states .
Agriculture Minister RAM said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers .
In his address broadcast through air stations across the state , RAM said 70 farmers had committed suicide since June which was a matter of concern and the Suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself .
Have faith in the son who hails Froma farmer 's family , said RAM , as he came under fire from the opposition BJP and JDS who have launched Anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim .
I myself being a son of a farmer , I Empathise with you , RAM said , while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be Weakenedby distress .
By 2015 , the farmers of Devanahalli , Kolar and Chikkaballapur will have to migrate elsewhere , says Shivanapura RAM , a farmer from Devanahalli .
Meanwhile , chief minister RAM on Friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the GST constitutional amendment bill .
In his memorandum to the team , RAM said 119 human lives has been lost since April 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged ; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320 .
Chief minister RAM said : while the Kvks have effectively implemented our policies , more capacity building for farmers needs to be done .
Farmers ' suicide ; cm RAM to lead all party delegation to Pmhubballi ( Karna ) , Aug 5 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 16:53 Istkarnataka chief minister RAM today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides , unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state .
Farmers are a worried lot and government should come to their help by initiating drought relief works in the state , RAM said .
It 's a bundle of false promises , RAM said and argued that there was no justification to call it an agriculture budget .
Rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , July 25 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istcongress vice president Rahul Gandhi will soon visit Karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently , chief minister RAM said on Friday .
Former finance minister P RAM had yesterday said if the government addresses three of its fundamental concerns -- maximum GST rate should not cross 18 per cent , no additional one per cent tax and setting up of a grievance redress mechanism -- then the Congress could consider supporting its passage .
Commerce minister RAM said in Chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the GST while environment minister Prakash Javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in Rajya Sabha .
Stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses , RAM said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states .
I also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135 to 150 , RAM said .
Apcthe proposed agriculture price Commission ( APC ) was before the cabinet subcommittee , RAM said .
There is growing support of the Congress ' objections on GST , many corporates strongly support our objections , former finance minister P RAM told reporters .
Speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the University of agriculture sciences campus on Ballari road , RAM said : agriculture universities , which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector , have failed to protect the interests of farmers .
Speaking on the occasion , agriculture minister RAM said facilities like agriculture universities were meant to give an impetus to the farming sector , which was not happening on the ground .
In a recent letter to the prime minister , RAM said his government is willing to consider waiving 50 of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request .
Former MP Tejaswini RAM said that though former chief minister s M Krishna did not take any steps to solve farmers issues , he was in the news for trying to change the chief minister .
Holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region , RAM said Stern action will be taken against them .
State seeks RS 362 crore for flood Reliefbangalore , Oct 31 , 2014 , Dhns : 13:10 Istcentral teams will visit Drought-Hit areas on Nov 7 and 8 : Cmchief minister RAM on Thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams , which visited nine flood affected districts , about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of RS 362 crore it had sought .
Central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on November 7 and 8 , RAM said .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , RAM said .
The trees lost over 100 tonnes of tender mangoes in the fruiting stage and considering that from fruiting to maturation stage the fruits would have developed at least 10 times , if not more , this is roughtly 1,500 tonnes of fruit fall , says RAM , a farmer from Srinivasapur .
Modis predecessor Manmohan Singh had waived farm loans worth RS 72,000 crore , RAM said .
800 farmer suicides in state : Cmbengaluru , Nov 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:00 Istchief minister RAM on Wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in Karnataka .
When asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers , RAM said he would do that after visiting Drought-Affected parts of Karnataka .
After meeting members of Mahadayi and Kalasa-Banduri Horata Samanvaya Samiti , farmers and Kannada organisations agitating for speedy implementation of Kalasa-Banduri and Mahadayi water projects , RAM told Mediapersons at the airport here that there is no need for Congress leaders from the state to convince opposition leaders in GOA and Maharashtra .
V RAM , vice president , Ici-South , said that after agriculture , construction sector was the second biggest industry in the country .
Dcc president t P RAM said the budget has announced welfare programmes for farmers , women and deprived class .
Congress member RAM said that the agriculture credit policy was faulty as farmers were not getting the benefit of loans from the cooperative sector , with some crops not being covered by them .
Dr g V RAM , an agriculture scientist attending the convention said : the government is not accepting readily available field data and experience on this dangerous pesticide .
Defending the style of functioning of the state government , RAM said it was striving in an effective manner to tackle drought .
Nilekani to join Congress soon in Delhi : Kpcc Chiefbangalore , Jan 25 , 2014 , PTI : 18:27 Istit czar and face of upa 's flagship 'Aadhar ' programme Nandan Nilekani will soon officially join the Congress in Delhi , Karnataka Pradesh Congress committee chief g RAM said today .
Since the applications have now been linked to Aadhaar numbers , this time , the problem will not crop up , RAM said .
Last updated : 11 December , 2011Kolar/Chikkaballapur , December 11 , Dhns : 23:53 Iststrategy meet : in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in Districtssinking Borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of Kolar and Chikkaballapur , said Dr RAM , professor at the University of agriculture science , Bangalore .
Speaking at an interaction with farmers , elected representatives of the two districts and officers here on Sunday , RAM said farmers should exercise restraint in use of water resources as any irrigation project aimed at permanent solution would require five to 10 years for implementation .
We sell around 5,000 roses a month , says RAM , a farmer .
Ca n't release water to Tamil Nadu , says Cmmysuru/Bengaluru , SEP 6 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:41 Istchief minister RAM said on Saturday it would be difficult for the state to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu this month owing to severe drought in Karnataka .
On Nandan Nilekani contesting the Lok Sabha seat from Bangalore South constituency , RAM said the UIDAI chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the Congress high command .
When Sheikhamma BI , a farmer , told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days , RAM told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week .
Apmc secretary RAM said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated .
Those members of a family whose names had got suspended from ration cards for their inability to seed Aadhaar , can now get their names included , District-In-Charge minister RAM said .
State BJP president Pralhad RAM said a delegation of party MPs would meet chief minister RAM in New Delhi on Tuesday to discuss the issue of compensation to farmers .
Speaking to DH , farmer leader Sunanda RAM said , give us water , or give us compensation for crop loss .
As infrastructural jobs reach rural India , the dependency on agriculture may come down , RAM said .
District In-Charge minister RAM said Demonetisation has affected the country massively in terms of declining growth rate .
Compensationsuresh RAM said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the Hemavathi scheme , will get compensation at the earliest .
Bengaluru : , SEP 12 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:27 Istkarnataka has sought an additional RS 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response Fundndrf and Sdrfas the drought situation has worsened , said chief minister RAM on Friday .
When asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation , RAM said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session .
Tough to waive crop loans , says Siddaramaiahbengaluru , Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:54 Istchief minister RAM , who held a Pre-Budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on Saturday , said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely .
Karnataka chief minister RAM said the GST bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the GST and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues .
No cabinet rejig before drought review : Cmmysuru : April 23 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istchief minister RAM has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state .
Prof g V RAM , professor of economics at Nitte Institute of management and former member of Karnataka state planning board said that the chief ministers budget speach clearly showed that the state is all set to implement GST from July 2017 .
This was after the World Bank took Cognisance of the complaints filed by farmers in the Amaravati region that the government had commandeered their land in the name of Land-Pooling to build the new capital city of Amaravati , Dr RAM , who is also a member of the CESs board of governors , said over telephone .
To boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply , the forest development corporation of Maharashtra ( Fdcm ) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol , bio CNG Etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project , said N RAM , managing director of Fdcm .
The price started reducing drastically from the first week of December and it has come down to RS 100 , said K RAM , a farmer in Sathyamangalam .
Highlighting other issues , Rajiv RAM , a farmer , said drinking water is the main problem of the village .
They are not interested in farmers ' welfare , RAM said .
Drip irrigation becomes critical during drought situations , because with one large tank of water , we can add the required fertilizer and water almost five acres for four days , said a RAM , a chilly farm ER in Madukkarai .
He allegedly asked them to buy 57 hectares from farmers and other villagers and sell it to the agency at an inflated price , RAM said .
Agriculture Minister RAM told toi that all officials had been instructed to prepare contingency plans to handle the eventuality of a monsoon failure .
Read Morenew Delhi : the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace , president RAM said in his address to parliament on Thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective .
Tamil culture minister K Pandiarajan , representing the Aiadmk , justified the RS 71,000 crore spent annually for such schemes , saying initiatives like free cycles for girls had even won praise from the World Bank , while Manuraj RAM ( Dmk ) said provision of subsidized rice copped flak but after implementation actually liberated agriculture .
Nagpur : educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues , said s RAM , former director of Tata Institute of social sciences , Mumbai , on Friday .
With the number of farmers dwindling , time has come that experts in the field introspect and find reasons why the situation has come to such a passe , RAM said in his presidential address at the inauguration of a two-day National agriculture conclave ( Nac ) at a city hotel .
The price started reducing drastically from the first week of December and it has come down to RS 100 , said K RAM , a farmer in Sathyamangalam .
Under GST , Papad is not being taxed at all , while spices and masalas attract 5 tax , said 75-year-old M N RAM , founder of the Karnataka state pickle manufacturers Association .
Although chief minister RAM claimed that the government has already distributed nearly RS 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop , it 's been a case of so near , yet so far .
However , S R RAM , president of Sulur Neervalam Payanpaduthuvor Sangam , a farmers association in the area , said they had been drawing water from the lake for the past three years with the due permission from the public works department officials .
Hyderabad : MA & UD minister KT RAM said on Saturday that people of Andhra Pradesh were so impressed with the Farmer-Friendly measures implemented by chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao that the Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) may branch out to AP .
Transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like Aadhaar and public distribution system for food , but they do n't have the documents for this , said RAM , programme manager , Aarohan .
We have left with no other option except to go for agitation , said RAM , one of the farmers .
Gundlupet government veterinary officer Dr RAM said due to drought over the past few years , the disease has spread .
This has been the case in many villages as price of cattle feed has increased after cyclone and steps from government were miniscule , said g RAM , a farmer in Vedaranyam .
Although Jalpaiguri district magistrate Smaraki RAM said she would probe into the case , kin and relatives of the deceased farmer sense that the government would never accept the fact that Robin had committed suicide due to the burden of debt on him .
Hyderabad : days after AP chief minister Chandrababu RAM said people are fast losing faith in the banking system , the two Telugu-Speaking States Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have joined hands on the cash crunch , contesting union finance minister Arun Jaitleys claims that the cash shortage is only a temporary phenomenon .
Pt RAM , assistant general manager , SBI main branch , Hubballi , said their ATMs are not facing any virus threat , but admitted to a cash crunch .
This is the second case of electrocution in the past four and a half months in the Coimbatore forest division and we registered a case against the farmer and detained him , said s RAM , district forest officer , Coimbatore forest division .
We could work as Coolies but this year there is no work due to the drought , says B RAM , a farmer from Kambaladinne in Pedda Kadubur Mandal .
K RAM RAM , deputy station manager , Tuggali railway station , says , out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day , 200 to 300 are farmers and Coolies migrating for work .
Counting on the achievements of the Modi government , RAM said that in the last five years Modi government took some major decisions like Demonetization , one rank one pension , GST , 105 reservation quota and granting benefits to 10 crore families under Ayushman Bharat Yojna .
If sufficient water is not released , the cultivation will be affected badly , said RAM , a farmer .
He allegedly asked them to buy 57 hectares from farmers and other villagers and sell it to the agency at an inflated price , RAM said .
Besides seeking immediate decision on creating Vidarbha state , we are demanding waiver of farm loans , accountability for the wrong monetary policies and charging of heavy fees for every banking operation , said RAM of Vras .
If the company is not purchasing more land in other villages , farmers can not start an agitation and stop the project , said RAM of Ramgarh village .
We managed to stop it from spreading to Paliem , said Cashew farmer RAM however , farmers are not sure about the Arambol site , where the fire was still raging .
District revenue officer ( DRO ) RAM told farmers while chairing the monthly farmers grievances meet here on Friday .
Leader of opposition ( lop ) , RAM said that the state government had failed on law and order front and did not keep its promise of serving farmers interests .
The industry also expects the GST level to be rationalised to a lower level ( 28 per cent to 18 per cent ) to accommodate the downturn in sales , RAM said .
R RAM , 52 , a former licensed shrimp farm owner now involved in agriculture , said it is mandatory to register a shrimp farm with the coastal aquaculture authority ( CAA ) and ensure that the coastal regulation zone ( Crz ) is not violated but many farmers do not abide by the regulations , creating a threat to biodiversity by using Unrecommended chemical feeders and discharging untreated chemical effluents directly into the lake .
V RAM 48 , another farmer from Marakkanam , said the discharge of untreated chemical waste and effluents was gradually affecting the fertility of the soil and yield when they used the contaminated water for irrigation .
I & B minister M Venkaiah RAM told reporters that Modi explained to NDA leaders the importance of the GST Bill and the need to pass it .
Making similar demand , CPI ( M ) general secretary RAM said that in the meeting they told the government that there should be discussion on Demonetisation for two days as it has severely impacted the people across India , who have suffered due to this irrational move .
Party senior spokesperson C P RAM said the Modi government in three years of being in power has put the agriculture sector in the ICU as it is gripped with widespread distress and farmers are committing suicide due to Bjps Anti-Farmer policies and its callous approach .
Repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing , thereby also disrupting the credit market , former RBI governor RAM had said .
Communist Party of India-Marxist ( Cpi-M ) leader RAM said the issue of the GST bill can not be settled between the Congress and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) alone .
Stating that government will withdraw cases against farmers and innocents after considering all the cases , RAM in his reply said there is no pardon to those involved in causing destruction to 12 government offices , court and public property and also those who attacked police personnel .
The centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers , thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis , Karnataka chief minister RAM has said in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Elder brother RAM says farming has become a loss-making proposition because farmers are unable to recover even input costs .
However , there will not be any problem with regard to ATMs functioning , RAM told reporters .
Moreover , farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year , if the amount is above RS 10,000 , energy minister Shrikant RAM said .
So one Modi created GST , the other Modi made sure it did not happen , RAM said .
Despite his opposition to Demonetisation , RAM said there was no evidence that majority of the Jan Dhan accounts were used for money laundering Post-Currency withdrawal .
Jairam RAM ( Congress ) said no one government can take credit for GST .
Jairam RAM ( Congress ) said no one government can take credit for GST and quoted a conversation between Lord Krishna and Arjuna : die following your religion than following that of the other .
Meanwhile , addressing Mlas on the premises of the Delhi assembly on the GST , chief economic advisor RAM said he completely agreed on the principle of bringing liquor and land under the GST and all states should come together to make it happen .
Responding to the opposition parties , commerce and industry minister RAM said the government was seized of the problems being faced by Drought-Hit farmers in Tamil Nadu and that finance minister Arun Jaitley , agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh and water resources minister RAM Bharti have already met delegations from the state .
Crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up , RAM said during zero hour , adding crop insurance coverage is being increased .
D RAM ( CPI ) said the government was waiving loans of other sectors and asked why it couldnt do the same for farmers .
The Aadhaar card details were registered with the student bank accounts , said Dr Vinod RAM , head of government model high school , sector 34 .
The centres Demonetisation drive did not have any impact on Rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy , SOYABEAN and maize , Niti Aayog member RAM has said .
More and more bills are certified as money bills to bypass the Rajya Sabha , RAM told the bench which asked , what Ex-Facie can you show us in it ( Aadhaar bill ) that does not fall in the criteria for money bill .
Pressing for the scrutiny of the speakers decision to certify the Aadhaar bill as money bill , RAM said it is important to see what can be certified as money bill .
Environment minister RAM said , if the centre can promise loan waiver for farmers in Uttar Pradesh if voted to power , why cant they do the same in Maharashtra .
The SC order came a week after Karnataka chief minister RAM said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the Cauvery catchment areas ( in Karnataka ) .
P RAM said that the Demonetisation move would hit the GDP .
( source : Ani_News/Twitter ) P RAM said that the Demonetisation move would hit the GDP .
( source : Ani_News/Twitter ) former finance minister P RAM on Wednesday said the GDP of India would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the Demonetisation move by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Seeking to debunk the exaggerated claims of the prime minister , RAM said instead of targeting black money and corruption , the government has targeted the poor .
Cashless Economyon the governments move to push for a digital , cashless economy , RAM said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in India .
Amid criticism over the Demonetisation move affecting many people and its overall benefits , RAM claimed that while the whole nation stood with the prime minister , the opposition chose to be with the corrupt people .
On the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in Alwar in Rajasthan and similar incidents , RAM said law and order was a state subject .
Bjp leader N RAM , a member of the legislative council , says the Telangana government precipitated the agrarian crisis by advising farmers to sow red gram and Chilli instead of cotton .
B'Backing chief minister RAM on the issue of Cauvery water sharing with Tamil Nadu , Janata DAL ( secular ) national secretary general Danish Ali on Sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in Cauvery catchment areas , how can the Karnataka government release the river waters .
It is now connecting India to the world , RAM said adding that the summit will be a golden opportunity for global investors to understand key recent policy reforms like the goods and services tax and the measures being taken in the country to boost economic growth .
Finance Minister RAM claimed there was no record of the cabinet meeting of November 8 which , according to the government , had taken the Demonetisation decision .
Pointing out that the rules , if implemented in their letter and spirit , would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act , RAM said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure , which was in accordance with the Karnataka agricultural produce marketing ( regulation ) act .
In his speech to the joint sitting of both houses , president RAM said , the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace .
Chief minister RAM recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of RS 25,000 crore .
Commerce and industry minister RAM today said Amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax ( GST ) is rolled out .
Ram RAM , political analyst and former professor , Haryana agricultural University , Hisar , said Hussains move may not necessarily translate into a win for the party in Mewat , where Muslims are in a majority .
I dont know what the note contains but the conclusion I believe was that Demonetisation is not a wise step , RAM told Ht .
Asked if his opposition to Demonetisation could have been a reason for the NDA government not to give another term to the then RBI governor , RAM said , in retrospect , that could be one of the reasons but I think there were other reasons also .
Ram RAM , a political analyst and former professor , Haryana agricultural University , Hissar , said that the BJP is likely to emerge as the winner in the region .
The impact of Demonetisation was bound to show up on the growth figures , said DK RAM , chief economist of CRISIL , while forecasting 7 .
Pointing out that the rules , if implemented in their letter and spirit , would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act , RAM said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure , which was in accordance with the Karnataka agricultural produce marketing ( regulation ) act .
Uttar Pradesh , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and Maharashtra will have to follow the same , RAM told reporters .
Uttar Pradesh , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and Maharashtra will have to follow the same , RAM told reporters .
We apprised cm Yogi about the current situation and requested him to do alleviate the plight of our farmers who were framed , RAM said .
Ram RAM , a political analyst and former professor , Haryana agricultural University , Hissar , said that caste plays a major role in elections in the region .
While GST is unlikely to be a positive for economic growth in the short term , Crisils RAM said the reform will improve the ease of doing business , bolster investor sentiment and lure more foreign investment in coming years .
I have no money , said RAM , a farmer from the Karur district in Tamil Nadu , who has been protesting at Jantar Mantar for over three weeks now .
1:45 PM : Aiadmks g RAM RAM says Tamil Nadu is concerned about the impact GST will have on its fiscal autonomy .
Countries that rolled out GST have witnessed higher economic growth , says Udit RAM , adding that an online database of taxes will increase transparency .
Commerce minister RAM on Saturday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) will help improve Indias export growth .
The way the fitment discussions have happened in the GST council and the way commodities and services have been treated , GST is only going to help in improving our exports , RAM said here , briefing on three years of initiatives and achievements of the commerce ministry .
Ramanan RAM , a senior research scholar at the Princeton environment Institute , said causes of air pollution in India were more easily correctable than in China , like the burning of paddy straw by Northern Indian farmers after they harvest it .
8 : finance minister RAM today announced the setting up of two committees to sort out issues hampering the implementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) .
Experience has shown that price shocks in items under the act have been minimal , says RAM , director of the National centre for agricultural economics and policy research .
Nagaon deputy commissioner P. Ashok RAM said the initial Drought-Like situation pushed the administration to move Dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so .
Allowing FDI in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments , technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain , RAM said .
Ram Prasad RAM , Secretary of the Jamuna Valley dairy cooperative society said the banks intervention has resulted in more income to the farmers which has motivated the producers to concentrate on cattle rearing .
Ranchi MP RAM said that union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh , chief minister Raghubar Das and other senior central leaders of the party were expected to attend the programme .
Therefore , we have come up with this new idea so that the villagers can save their agricultural produce and also take shelter during the floods , Tinsukia deputy commissioner S.S. Meenakshi RAM told the Telegraph today .
In the absence of the comprehensive goods and services tax ( GST ) , if the duty sops are removed , auto component makers will face margin pressures as they will not be able to hike prices on export products , RAM said .
Union minister RAM said that the Congress is indulging in fear-mongering on Demonetisation .
This is an attempt to break the unity of the opposition on the issue of Demonetisation , Congress general secretary C P RAM told reporters in New Delhi .
Speaking to reporters after the Congress legislature party meeting on Friday morning , Kpcc president g RAM , who is yet to be relieved as home minister , said that all cases registered against farmers during protests , whether it was Cauvery riots , Mahadayi waters issue or protests by sugarcane growers seeking payment of their dues , would be withdrawn .
In his speech , Karnataka chief minister RAM said the GST has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country .
Skeptical about up farm loan Waiveron the Uttar Pradesh government waiving farm loans , benefiting 86 lakh farmers , RAM said he does not know if the centre had chipped in .
Ridiculing the idea of cashless economy , RAM said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented .
Speaking to select media on the completion of two-and-a-half years rule of Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) government on Friday , RAM said the government would try to overcome the Demonetisation problems and speed up the government activities in the second half of the rule .
The Demonetisation step is irreversible , RAM said .
Speaking on Mondays protests against Demonetisation , RAM said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency .
After the meeting , RAM told reporters that the veteran Congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in Cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals .
Former chief economic adviser Arvind RAM said cross-border ease of doing business has not improved and corporate tax reforms need to be undertaken .
On a days visit to Odisha to participate in Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by BJP to celebrate completion of three years by Narendra Modi government at the centre , RAM said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state .
Responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in Madhya Pradesh , RAM said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight .
Challenging Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses , RAM said non-performing assets worth Lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule .
In his message , RAM said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good North East monsoon that will raise the hopes for Rabi crops .
During a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on Thursday , RAM RAM claimed that Ysr interest-free loan scheme , announced by the chief minister , was nothing new , but an old one introduced by the Kiran Kumar Reddy government and that the TDP government continued the same after 2014 .
We told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it , RAM said and sat back , while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former .
Also , many other parts of India face drought at some time or the other , says R RAM , senior scientist , Indian Council for agriculture research .
Agriculture joint director g RAM said that paddy crops in 600 hectares had been inundated in the Ichchapruam region including Kaviti and Kanchili Mandals .
Chief minister RAM who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting , said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts .
Vijayawada : the decision of Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 currency would help both the centre and states garner more revenue , but the black money hoarders would search for alternatives to protect their illegal money and the centre should be well prepared to deal with it , finance minister RAM said here on Friday .
Opposition leader RAM RAM said the cabinet should take a decision on it without passing the ball to the Kerala state farmers debt relief commission .
While 20 farmers had committed suicide during the previous Ldf governments term , the UDF tenure was largely free of farmer suicides , RAM said .
Kochi : chief economic advisor RAM has said Demonetisation can be called successful only if the amount of currency in circulation comes down over time and there is an increase in tax compliance .
The guiding principle in fixing the GST rates is that it should not exceed the combined rate of Vat+ central Excise/Service tax lest it would trigger inflation and hardship to the consumers , state finance minister RAM said in a letter to union finance minister Arun Jaitley .
Chief Secretary Tom RAM said the government decided to extend the moratorium considering the pathetic state of farmers .
Bengaluru : chief minister RAM on Saturday asked the union government why raids and arrests in connection with unaccounted money were carried out only in states not ruled by BJP .
Home minister g RAM said , Modi , who falsely promised he will change the 70-year-old economy in 50 days , does not have answers on how much black money is present in the country and how much is with terrorists .
Chief minister RAM said , we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of Karnataka .
Prior to tabling the bill , chief minister RAM said GST was the brainchild of the upa government , and it was started by then finance minister P Chidambaram .
Karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers , as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of Bengaluru and other cities , RAM told the team of 20 farmers associations from Tamil Nadu , led by former Rajya Sabha MP and the leader of Dmks farmers wing , KP Ramalingam .
He said the farmers in Karnataka would take to the streets if their government decided to discharge water for Tamil Nadu , RAM told express .
Responding to a starred question by Congress MLC H M Revanna in the legislative council , RAM said that around 2,000 farmers had applied for subsidies for installing shade nets and Polyhouses in their field .
Andhra Pradesh finance minister RAM said the GST council in the 10th meeting discussed the draft model GST law provisions and drat compensation law which are vetted by the law ministry .
And across the States , we find an urge now , that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways , RAM said , adding that the roll out of the GST , Aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth .
Farmers in the Malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order , RAM said .
In four days , the price crashed from RS 100 per kg to RS 65 per kg , said s RAM , a farmer from Maharajapuram near Tirukkattupalli .
By Ptine Delhi : prime minister Narendra Modi-Led government in its second term will implement more economic reforms , raise investment in the farm sector , provide Collateral-Free loans to entrepreneurs and further simplify GST to boost economic growth , president RAM said on Thursday .
Calling the new rules as unconstitutional , RAM said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers , the new rules prevent farmers from selling them .
New Delhi : terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of GST as anti-national , BJP MP RAM today said the goods and services tax ( GST ) bill can be passed by parliament only if Gstn gets security Clearancethe goods and services tax network ( Gstn ) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies .
Even as the increased provisions for infrastructure , railways , roads , ports and agriculture to double the farmers income in the last five years is Praiseworthy , RAM said yet the expectations of corporate sector , industry and trading bodies were not fully met .
Kr RAM , Congress floor leader , said though the state government had promised that it would not allow hydrocarbon project in Neduvasal , it was not clear how agreements entered into between the local farmers with the ONGC for acquiring the lands would be cancelled .
Legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in Belagavi on Wednesday | Rajesh Sadarebelagavi : chief minister RAM has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously .
When the members pressed for waiving of farm loans , RAM said farmers have availed RS 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and RS 35,000 crore from commercial banks .
Had this been in Chhattisgarh , farmers would have got all the help by now and situation would have been different , RAM said .
Todays change should probably bring it down , said RAM , adding that the mood at the GST council meeting was very good .
We will be recalibrating three more ATMs , said B Vijay RAM , the Dgm of Andhra bank .
Association president RAM said , Wallajah lake , which is under Pwds control , receives water from Neyveli mines and villages in this area use the lake water for drinking and agricultural purposes .
Chief minister RAM said that he has directed the cops to release farmers .
Vijayawada : chief minister N Chandrababu RAM said on Sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism , agriculture , mines , forests , irrigation projects , maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance .
On a day 's visit to participate in the Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by the BJP to mark three years of the Narendra Modi government at the centre , RAM said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states .
On the first day in office as the chief minister , RAM announced housing loan waiver for Dalits and backward classes and introduced Shaadi Bhagya for minorities .
The sale of land and immovable property should be part of GST so that input tax credit can flow freely in the system , RAM said at a conference .
Admitting that Demonetisation has affected finances of the state , finance minister RAM said that there is a decrease in tax revenues for the last four months -- from November , 2016 to February , 2017 .
By Ptiwashington : Demonetisation and the goods and services tax ( GST ) are the two major headwinds that held back India 's economic growth last year , former RBI governor RAM has said , asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country 's needs .
Bengaluru : Anti-Land grabbing action committee convener a T RAM said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land .
Agriculture and policy expert Devinder RAM said that difficulty in getting claims and a lower amount of claims made in many cases are some of the main reasons behind the reduction in the number of beneficiaries .
He was tired as the government is not listening to us , RAM , one of the farmers , told Ians .
About 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth RS 42,000Cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth Rs10,500Cr through co-operative banks in the state , RAM said .
Amid loud chants by BJP members saying the country will not tolerate the insult to the PM , RAM said education , agriculture , health sectors and job creation were the major challenges facing the country and the Bjp-Led NDA government had not addressed them in nearly four years of its rule .
In his speech to the joint sitting of both houses , president Ramnathkovind said , the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace .
Read Morenew Delhi : the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace , president Ramnathkovind said in his address to parliament on Thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective .
A Revanth read , Telangana TDP floor leader in the state assembly , said in his petition that several farmers in the state have been facing hardships due to supply of fake seeds .
Read : PM Modi coins new acronyms for BC and ad to take a swipe at Congress , says it is 'Before Congress ' and after Dynasty'For the first time in India 's history , a government has spoken about doubling of farmer 's income rather than giving them loan waivers as promised by opposition as a part of their election propaganda .
The project cost worked out to RS 18 lakh , involving 150 mushroom farmers , Sanjeevkumar said .
Farmers Aidguwahati : Assam chief minister Sarbanandasonowal on Monday said the state government had envisaged to provide accident insurance coverage to one lakh fish farmers .
New Delhi : Microsoft CEO satyanadella on Wednesday announced the integration of Skype and Aadhaar to launch the Skype Lite for low speed mobile Internet connections , which will be supported by Aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations .
Amendments must be made to the Aadhaar act , 2016 , after the enactment of a data protection law , in order to bring the act in consonance with the data protection framework , Shashitharoor said .
Demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and GST was a good idea implemented badly , Shashitharoor said .
Initiating the debate on the proposed legislation , Congress member Shashitharoor said his party was initially not happy with the final shape of the GST bill but went on to support it in keeping with the spirit in which the bill had been prepared by the Congress .
Responding to a question on the present NDA government bringing back black money , Shashitharoor said what the current government has brought back is the money that the previous government was already in the course of getting back .
Congress MP Shashitharoor ( PTI photo ) Congress MP Shashitharoor ( PTI photo ) attacking the government over Demonetisation , Congress leader Shashitharoor Tuesday said there has been no positive impact on the economy due to note ban .
Speaking in Lok Sabha after Prime Minister Narendra Modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house , Shashitharoor said , even the RBI has said that Demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government .
Questioning the governments move to replace RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with new ones , Shashitharoor said it has only added to corruption .
Speaking in Lok Sabha after Prime Minister Narendra Modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house , Shashitharoor said , even the RBI has said that Demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government .
We would certainly like a good , constructive and positive GST bill to be passed in the interest of the nation , but not a bill with the kind of flaws that the NDA version of the bill has , Congress leader Shashitharoor told Ani .
Denouncing Demonetisation , Shashitharoor said that there was no positive effect of Demonetisation on the economy .
Bhopal : facing heat over farmers ' agitation , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan today said he will sit on a fast tomorrow at the Dussehra Maidan in the state capital and hear the grievances of the cultivators .
At least five farmers were killed and three others injured | Ptibhopal : Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan has announced a compensation of RS 1 crore each for the next of kin of five farmers who were killed during alleged police firing in Mandsaur district .
Open for dialogue : Chouhanmadhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue with farmers to iron out the differences .
Bhopal : as Western Madhya Pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace .
Bhopal : before ending his 28-Hour-Long fast , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan today announced a series of measures for farmers , including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act .
Bhopal : farmers ' protest continued unabated in many parts of Western Madhya Pradesh today even as chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers .
In Madhya Pradesh , where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on June 6 , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price ( MSP ) will be treated as a crime .
Taking note of the escalating violence , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would observe an indefinite fast at the Bhel Dussehra Maidan in Bhopal from 11 am on Saturday to bring farmer leaders to the table for peaceful negotiations .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Saturday announced the setting up of commission which would assess the input cost of agriculture produce , and said he was pained to see the violence in the state during the farmers agitation .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme , in his maiden talk show , Dil se , akin to prime Minsiter Narendra Modis monthly radio address , Mann Ki Baat .
Budget Reactionsterming the budget as historic , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said it was largely a budget designed for the welfare of farmers , development of the poor and a budget that empowers women .
Instead , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10 subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan .
At almost every campaign rally in Madhya Pradesh , BJP leader Shivrajsinghchouhan asks the audience if there are any beneficiaries of the Congress governments farm loan waiver scheme and the crowd usually responds with a resounding no .
Terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid RS 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last Rabi season .
Chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Monday claimed that nearly RS 30,000 crore reached farmers bank accounts in the last one year .
( source : Ani_News/Twitter ) Shivrajsinghchouhan said his government was Pro-Farmer and recalled efforts underway to make farming a profitable business in MP .
Last week , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced in the assembly that farmers need not worry ; we will buy Doda Chura from them and burn it .
Meanwhile , in an effort to cool tempers , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced more sops for the farmers .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced a slew of schemes aimed to benefit farmers .
( file photo ) making yet another Pro-Farmer announcement in election year , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Sunday said a board on the lines of Apeda ( agricultural and processed food products export development authority ) will be set up in Madhya Pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce .
Chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers ( file photo ) chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers ( file photo ) in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on Tuesday in Madhya Pradesh , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( file photo ) Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( file photo ) Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan has said that the state government would provide RS 25,000 as financial assistance to the farmers , who lost 50 per cent of their crops during the recent hailstorm , for marriage of their daughters .
( file photo ) farmers protest continued unabated in many parts of Western Madhya Pradesh on Monday even as chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers .
Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said on Friday he will sit on a fast .
( source : Ani/Twitter ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said on Friday he will sit on a fast .
( source : Ani/Twitter ) as the farmers protests spread closer to Bhopal on Friday , three days after five were killed in police firing in Mandsaur , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would begin an indefinite fast on Saturday , until peace is restored in the state .
Before ending his 28-Hour-Long fast , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Sunday announced a series of measures for farmers , including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act .
Bhopal : Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( PTI photo ) Bhopal : Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( PTI photo ) in the wake of escalating farmers agitation , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan has said he will sit on a fast on Saturday in order to bring about peace and that he will hear grievances of the agitated farmers , who have been protesting since June 1 demanding loan waiver and better prices for the farm produce , among other things .
Chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan had on Monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan of the BJP also announced several measures , including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce .
Bhopal : chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Saturday announced major sops for farmers , including an export agency to help them sell their produce outside the country and bonus of RS 100 per quintal for gram , lentil and mustard in addition to MSP .
Barwani / Khargone : former chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Tuesday said Kamal Nath government cheated farmers in loan waiver scheme and now it will do the same through Nyay .
As the centre is yet to take a stand of Bhavantar , we have decided that garlic and onion will continue to be included but farmers will have to sell gram , lentil and mustard at MSP , which the government will ensure , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan told reporters at a Hurriedly-Called press conference on Friday evening .
65 lakh current accounts and savings accounts have been linked with the unique identification number , and a total of 6811 Aadhaar Enrolment/Update centres are operational in bank branches , minister of state ( MOS ) for finance , Shiv Shukla said on Friday , in a written reply to a question in Lok Sabha .
Citing provisions under the Aadhaar act , 2016 , Shukla said no core biometric information , collected or created under the act , shall be shared with anyone for any reason whatsoever ; or used for any purpose other than generation of Aadhaar numbers and authentication under the act .
The provisions contained in rule 122 to 137 have been provided in Cgst rules , 2017 , to deal with such complaints , minister of state for finance , Shiv Shukla told parliament on Friday .
Since the rate of CESs shall be such so as to maintain the Pre-Gst tax incidence on such goods therefore there may not be much difference in total tax incidence ( tax plus CESs ) on these goods between the Pre-Gst and Post-Gst regime , Shukla said .
In a separate reply , Shukla said the GST Anti-Profiteering authority has till December 26 received 169 complaints alleging suppliers of goods have not passed on benefit of cost cuts .
( source : AP ) with uncertainly prevailing over the fate of IPL matches in Drought-Hit Maharashtra , IPL chairman Shukla Shukla on Friday said they are committed to the welfare of the farmers and will do whatever is suggested to them .
Speaking at the opening ceremony for the ninth edition of the Hugely-Popular league , Shukla said , the IPL and BCCI are committed to the welfare of the farmers .
As BJP members including Venkaiah Naidu , Najma Heptulla and Ravi Shankar Prasad disagreed and were up on their feet demanding immediate discussion on the chopper deal and defence minister a K Antonys response on it , Shukla said a debate on farmers problems was slated for tomorrow on Naidus demand and if he agreed to change it government can discuss the chopper deal tomorrow itself .
They are not interested in farmers ' welfare , Siddaramaiah said .
Although chief minister Siddaramaiah claimed that the government has already distributed nearly RS 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop , it 's been a case of so near , yet so far .
Recalling the contributions of the Wadiyar kings , especially Nalvadi , to all fields to make Mysuru a welfare state , including education , agriculture , irrigation , and industries , Siddaramaiah said , since he became chief minister , roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of RS 1,580 crore .
Siddaramaiah said an All-Party delegation will soon be taken to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , urging him to come to the rescue of the farmers .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
Siddaramaiah said that Yeddyurappa has double standards when it comes to farmers issue .
Recalling Yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister , Siddaramaiah said that , when Congress leader V s Ugrappa asked Yeddyurappa , the then chief minister , to waive off farm loans in the legislative council , Yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine .
Siddaramaiah said that though many states are reeling under severe drought , the centre has not announced any benefit to manage the situation .
Stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses , Siddaramaiah said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states .
In Mandya alone , authorities have registered more than fifty cases , and have seized about 1,000 documents , said Siddaramaiah , who is on a visit to Mandya and Mysore districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide .
About the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers , Siddaramaiah said government is planning to constitute an expert committee .
Making a statement in the assembly later in the day , Siddaramaiah said : it is not possible to release Tamil Nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period .
All-Party delegation to be taken to Delhi to resolve sugar cane Issuebelagavi : July 1 , 2015 , Dhns 1:10 Istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories , chief minister Siddaramaiah has said .
Responding to clarifications from members , Siddaramaiah said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of Arecanut , coconut , coffee and cotton growers in distress .
Recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined Arecanut crops in the coastal region , Siddaramaiah said that the scientists from University of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies .
Cm warns of action against usurious Lendersjuly 19 , 2015 , Bengaluru , Dhns 1:16 Istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Saturday .
Addressing farmers in the state through all India radio from Bengaluru , Siddaramaiah said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest .
Stating that he was himself a son of a farmer , Siddaramaiah said his government would make farmer welfare its priority .
Apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives , owing to the ongoing legislative session , Siddaramaiah said he would do so once the session concluded .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah announced cloud seeding , in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts .
Siddaramaiah said Karnataka had urged the centre for a Drought-Relief package of RS 1,416 crore in January , but nothing had come so far .
Siddaramaiah also said the Congress party had not opposed GST , but had only raised questions about some of the shortcomings in the bill .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah , who launched the integrated marketing project , said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business .
On Nandan Nilekani contesting the Lok Sabha seat from Bangalore South constituency , Siddaramaiah said the UIDAI chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the Congress high command .
Misuse of relief Amountearlier in the day , speaking to reporters at the Mysore airport at Mandakalli in Mysuru , Siddaramaiah said on Friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them .
Noting that the Congress always supported the struggle of farmer , Siddaramaiah said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924 .
The requirement of funds for the infrastructure , agriculture , horticulture , animal husbandry , women and child development , health and education sectors in the region is RS 16,000 crore , Siddaramaiah said .
Briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state , Siddaramaiah said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes , but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes .
Siddaramaiah said he had convened a meeting of deputy commissioners of all districts on September 23 and the progress made in drought and flood relief works would be discussed .
Siddaramaiah said the districts of Belagavi , Dharwad and Gadag were facing severe drought and groundwater has been depleted .
Assembly passes state GST Billchief minister Siddaramaiah said Karnataka is prepared to implement the GST in the state .
Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the GST bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the GST and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues .
Reacting to union minister D V Sadananda Gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds , Siddaramaiah said it was Gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue .
Action will be taken as per law , against all those ( Mills ) not abiding by the law , Siddaramaiah told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers .
Later , at a party event at which former Vice-Chancellor of the University of agricultural sciences , Dr R Dwarkeenath , was feted , Siddaramaiah said he and Modi were poles apart .
Siddaramaiah said that his government was Pro-Farmer and Pro-Poor and they were ready for discussions on the adjournment motion moved by the opposition .
Siddaramaiah said primary agricultural credit co-operative societies in the state will be computerised in a phased manner during the next three years .
Countering him , Siddaramaiah said the introduction of the state GST bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament .
Ca n't release water to Tamil Nadu , says Cmmysuru/Bengaluru , SEP 6 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:41 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said on Saturday it would be difficult for the state to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu this month owing to severe drought in Karnataka .
Launching a tirade against the Bjp-Led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , Siddaramaiah said : Modi government is Anti-Farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act , only to benefit the corporates .
Speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with Deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of Zilla Panchayats of 12 districts of North Karnataka , Siddaramaiah said the initial response from Maharashtra had been positive .
Siddaramaiah said district In-Charge ministers have been directed to hold regular review of drought relief works in their respective districts .
However , keeping the drought in view , Siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
Quota for farmers ' children in Agri Varsitymysore , Feb 24 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:39 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children .
Siddaramaiah also said that the prime minister promised him to study the proposal on granting fund and take immediate steps to release RS 723 crore for Disbursal among farmers who have suffered crop loss during the Rabi season .
Speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the University of agricultural sciences , Bangalore , Siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce .
Apcthe proposed agriculture price Commission ( APC ) was before the cabinet subcommittee , Siddaramaiah said .
Modis predecessor Manmohan Singh had waived farm loans worth RS 72,000 crore , Siddaramaiah said .
Siddaramaiah , during the meeting today , also announced that all cases against farmers during Kalasa-Banduri protest will be withdrawn .
The low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area , Siddaramaiah said .
Speaking to reporters in Bengaluru , Siddaramaiah said that Rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in Mandya district on October 9 .
Meanwhile , Siddaramaiah on Sunday told reporters in Mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver .
Magisterial probe into farmer suicide Orderedbelgaum , Nov 28 , 2013 , Dhns : 2:42 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower Vithal Bheemappa Arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation .
Siddaramaiah said Demonetisation has hit tax collection , but the commercial taxes department will meet the revenue target of RS 51,338 crore for the current financial year .
In a statement , Siddaramaiah said the series of farmer suicides had deeply distressed and pained him .
No incentive for sugarcane farmers , says Cmmandya : Oct 18 , 2014 , Dhns : 23:22 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said , no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce .
Bengaluru : , SEP 12 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:27 Istkarnataka has sought an additional RS 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response Fundndrf and Sdrfas the drought situation has worsened , said chief minister Siddaramaiah on Friday .
Siddaramaiah said the central team , which toured 16 districts in the last three days , was convinced about the severity of drought in Karnataka .
When asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation , Siddaramaiah said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session .
Siddaramaiah said that Modi did not utter a word about farmers or poor in the rally .
Siddaramaiah said that the saffron party leaders , such as Shivamogga MP B s Yeddyurappa , Union ministers D V Sadananda Gowda and H N Ananth Kumar , and state BJP president Pralhad Joshi , who were part of the All-Party delegation from the state that met prime minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on August 24 , did not utter a word before the prime minister in the interest of farmers .
Siddaramaiah said an auction system for agricultural markets would also be introduced on the mobile one .
We have set up an agriculture price commission with Rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost , Siddaramaiah said .
A sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers , Siddaramaiah said .
Government ready to include Ragi , Jowar under Pdsbangalore , July 10 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:52 Istthe state government is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Wednesday .
No cabinet rejig before drought review : Cmmysuru : April 23 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state .
Compensation to farmers after joint survey report : Cmapril 18 , 2015 , Gangavati ( Koppal Dist ) , Dhns 2:32 Istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the Hyderabad-Karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Friday .
Siddaramaiah further said compensation would be distributed to the kin of the deceased farmers .
On Tuesday , chief minister Siddaramaiah had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work .
When Sheikhamma BI , a farmer , told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days , Siddaramaiah told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week .
Chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on Tuesday , Siddaramaiah asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply , availability of fodder , increased number of man days under Mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas .
On crop loss , Siddaramaiah said , the state has suffered a crop loss of RS 7,000 crore in Rabi season .
In his address broadcast through air stations across the state , Siddaramaiah said 70 farmers had committed suicide since June which was a matter of concern and the Suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself .
Siddaramaiah said previously 100 or 200 farmers would commit suicide a year and 48 such incidents were reported during 2014-15 but the incidence saw a rise since June .
Have faith in the son who hails Froma farmer 's family , said Siddaramaiah , as he came under fire from the opposition BJP and JDS who have launched Anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim .
I myself being a son of a farmer , I Empathise with you , Siddaramaiah said , while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be Weakenedby distress .
Siddaramaiah said he has already instructed the district In-Charge ministers and legislators to visit the farmers ' families .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said : while the Kvks have effectively implemented our policies , more capacity building for farmers needs to be done .
Siddaramaiah said , I am fully aware of the travails faced by the agrarian community .
Tough to waive crop loans , says Siddaramaiahbengaluru , Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:54 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah , who held a Pre-Budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on Saturday , said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely .
Siddaramaiah , however , said that he would try his best to incorporate some of the demands of the farmers in the budget this year .
When Siddaramaiah said his traditional occupation was agriculture , the Enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly , said the Arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban .
Siddaramaiah had announced that the government was allowing farmers to produce Neera in the 2013-14 budget itself .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said 80 of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre .
I also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135 to 150 , Siddaramaiah said .
Dh news service , Bengaluru , Jun 10 2017 , 1:10 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for Karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them .
Farmers ' suicide ; cm Siddaramaiah to lead all party delegation to Pmhubballi ( Karna ) , Aug 5 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 16:53 Istkarnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides , unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state .
Responding to a question from s R Vishwanath ( BJP ) , Siddaramaiah said farmers , from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project , would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah , who described Puttaiah as a model farmer , said , though the latter lacks education ( he quit studies while in class eight ) , he has vast experience in agriculture .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers .
In response to the BJP leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government , over the past 13 years 10 years of Congress-Led upa and three years of the Bjp-Led NDA governments for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought , Siddaramaiah said , let them first take steps to release the pending RS 3,300 crore , as per our demand .
The Dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of Karnataka , Siddaramaiah told reporters on the occasion .
After meeting members of Mahadayi and Kalasa-Banduri Horata Samanvaya Samiti , farmers and Kannada organisations agitating for speedy implementation of Kalasa-Banduri and Mahadayi water projects , Siddaramaiah told Mediapersons at the airport here that there is no need for Congress leaders from the state to convince opposition leaders in GOA and Maharashtra .
Replying to queries from the media on Tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation , chief minister Siddaramaiah in Kolar said , I have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as I was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work on Monday .
It has not given funds for drinking water and fodder , which we had sought , Siddaramaiah said , adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought .
At a time when people are distressed due to the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes by the union government , Siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector .
Siddaramaiah said all DCs and SPS had been directed to take action against moneylenders if they harass farmers for loan recovery .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , Siddaramaiah said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Siddaramaiah said , agriculture , industry and service sectors are the major contributors to the GDP .
Piloting the bill , Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms , including VAT .
Taking an indirect dig at Bjp-Ruled States , Siddaramaiah said as many as 24 States and one union territory have agreed to implement GST , but initially Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan were against it .
Siddaramaiah also said since parliament has already passed GST bill , the state assembly did not have much scope to debate over it because decision-making powers are vested with the GST Council .
Siddaramaiah said the excess grants had helped those states to take up Drought-Relief works .
Siddaramaiah said he will take up the issue in the next GST council meeting .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
The project , which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of Drought-Prone areas of Kolar , Chikkaballapur and Bengaluru rural districts , has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project , said Siddaramaiah .
Siddaramaiah said he will soon write a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , urging him to waive at least 50 of farm loans taken from various nationalised banks in view of the severe drought in Karnataka .
Pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 Apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable , Siddaramaiah claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states .
Addressing a press conference in Bengaluru , Siddaramaiah said prime minister Narendra Modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , Siddaramaiah said .
800 farmer suicides in state : Cmbengaluru , Nov 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:00 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in Karnataka .
Siddaramaiah said that the government would increase the compensation from RS 1 lakh to RS 5 lakh to the families of farmers who committed suicide in the state .
Drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of Indira Gandhi and Modi , Siddaramaiah said the former took a revolutionary step to Nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers , Daily-Wagers and others to avail benefits of banking .
State seeks RS 362 crore for flood Reliefbangalore , Oct 31 , 2014 , Dhns : 13:10 Istcentral teams will visit Drought-Hit areas on Nov 7 and 8 : Cmchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams , which visited nine flood affected districts , about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of RS 362 crore it had sought .
Central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on November 7 and 8 , Siddaramaiah said .
In a recent letter to the prime minister , Siddaramaiah said his government is willing to consider waiving 50 of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request .
Speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the University of agriculture sciences campus on Ballari road , Siddaramaiah said : agriculture universities , which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector , have failed to protect the interests of farmers .
Bangalore , July 25 , 2013 , Dhns : 23:32 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers ( recognition of forest rights ) act , 2006 , to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years .
He also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community , Siddaramaiah said .
Let centre also waive farm loans , cm Sayshubballi , Oct 02 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:35 Ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks , chief minister Siddaramaiah asked BJP leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks , or , at least the interest .
On his way to Haveri , Siddaramaiah told Mediapersons at the airport here on Thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector , while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks .
In his memorandum to the team , Siddaramaiah said 119 human lives has been lost since April 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged ; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320 .
Siddaramaiah said : the father and the sons shed more tears as the elections approach , claiming to sympathise with the farmers and the poor .
Karnataka to clear RS 923 crore arrears to sugar cane Farmersbelagavi , June 30 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:13 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing RS 923 crore in two installments .
In this situation , the centre will have to step in to help the farmers , said Siddaramaiah .
Fee waiver for farmers ' kids in Drought-Hit Areasdharwad , SEP 22 , 2013 , Dhns : 13:44 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of Drought-Affected areas in the state .
Siddaramaiah said that due to adverse climactic effects , including scanty rain , several parts of the state are constantly facing Drought-Like situation .
Puttanniah said chief minister Siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest .
Pointing out that Karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years , Siddaramaiah said the state government had sought RS 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works .
Cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought , says Cmbelagavi , Apr 26 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:12 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state .
Siddaramaiah told reporters after reviewing the drought situation and relief works in Belagavi district at Suvarna Vidhana Soudha on Monday that once the drought eases , he would visit Delhi to get a green signal for the expansion from the party high command .
Ragi , Jowar may come under Pdsthe state is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it , said chief minister Siddaramaiah on Wednesday after launching the Anna Bhagya Yojane , Dhns reports from Bangalore .
To send a message to farmers , who are in the habit of raising loans , Siddaramaiah said , barring my father , who had obtained loan once from a Pld bank , nobody in our undivided family has availed loans .
Our Pro-Poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people , free milk supply to students , interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state , Siddaramaiah said .
Siddaramaiah said that a report would be prepared after the cabinet Sub-Committees tour the state for assessing drought situation .
Magisterial probe into Kudagi Firingbelgaum , July 7 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:50 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries , but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project , which is facing opposition by farmers .
However , Siddaramaiah earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped Lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at Apmcs .
Siddaramaiah , who also holds the finance portfolio , said he had not heeded to the traders demand to lower the vat slabs in anticipation of the introduction of the goods and service tax ( GST ) regime in 2016-17 .
Rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , July 25 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istcongress vice president Rahul Gandhi will soon visit Karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Friday .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah reportedly said on Wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death .
Presenting the state budget proposals , chief minister Siddaramaiah said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs .
To prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax ( GST ) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration , Siddaramaiah announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from RS 5 lakh turnover per year to RS 7 .
It 's not possible to release Tamil Nadu 's share as per the award as our ( Karnataka 's ) farmers very much need water during this four-month period , Siddaramaiah said in the assembly , briefing the members on the deliberations .
Speaking at the programme , Siddaramaiah said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers , demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield .
When asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers , Siddaramaiah said he would do that after visiting Drought-Affected parts of Karnataka .
It 's not possible to release Tamil Nadu 's share as per the award as our ( Karnataka 's ) farmers very much need water during this four-month period , Siddaramaiah said in the assembly , briefing the members on the deliberations .
Help promised to Farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion , Siddaramaiah said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state .
Meanwhile , chief minister Siddaramaiah on Friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the GST constitutional amendment bill .
Speaking at a rally after participating in a Padayatra with Rahul from Maidur to Gudagur in Ranebennur Taluk on Saturday , chief minister Siddaramaiah said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from RS 2 lakh to RS 5 lakh .
Holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region , Siddaramaiah said Stern action will be taken against them .
Farmers should have confidence as the government is with them , Siddaramaiah said .
Dh Photochief minister Siddaramaiah on Wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax ( GST ) from July 1 .
It is a coincidence that I was the finance minister when value added tax ( VAT ) was introduced and now when GST is going to be introduced , I hold the finance portfolio , Siddaramaiah said .
Instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans , Siddaramaiah should announce the States decision .
Suicide not a Solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state , Siddaramaiah said that suicide is not a solution .
Regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands , Siddaramaiah said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases .
Compensation from centre for crop loss meagre : Cmgulbarga , SEP 6 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:25 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre .
Sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount , but Siddaramaiah may announce a partial loan waiver , thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers , reeling under severe drought .
Delay in getting appointment with Modi upsets Siddaramaiahbengaluru , August 14 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:19 Istcm had sought time to discuss Kalasa-Banduri project , Droughtchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss various issues , including implementation of the Kalasa-Banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state , had received no response .
Wondering how the commission can ignore Karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years , Siddaramaiah said even smaller states like Haryana have received more allocation than Karnataka .
In a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime , Siddaramaiah announced the constitution of GST consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders .
Reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing RS 4 to RS 5 per litre of milk , Siddaramaiah said the new price will come into effect from December 10 .
Calling the new rules as unconstitutional , Siddaramaiah said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers , the new rules prevent farmers from selling them .
Legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in Belagavi on Wednesday | Rajesh Sadarebelagavi : chief minister Siddaramaiah has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously .
When the members pressed for waiving of farm loans , Siddaramaiah said farmers have availed RS 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and RS 35,000 crore from commercial banks .
Siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release RS 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 Taluks are reeling under drought .
In his speech , Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the GST has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country .
On the first day in office as the chief minister , Siddaramaiah announced housing loan waiver for Dalits and backward classes and introduced Shaadi Bhagya for minorities .
Farmers in the Malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order , Siddaramaiah said .
Siddaramaiah also said the GST , which will come into effect from April next year , will boost the economic environment .
Karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers , as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of Bengaluru and other cities , Siddaramaiah told the team of 20 farmers associations from Tamil Nadu , led by former Rajya Sabha MP and the leader of Dmks farmers wing , KP Ramalingam .
After the meeting , Siddaramaiah told reporters that the veteran Congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in Cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting , said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said , we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of Karnataka .
About 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth RS 42,000Cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth Rs10,500Cr through co-operative banks in the state , Siddaramaiah said .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said that he has directed the cops to release farmers .
Bengaluru : chief minister Siddaramaiah on Saturday asked the union government why raids and arrests in connection with unaccounted money were carried out only in states not ruled by BJP .
Siddaramaiah also said that the four cabinet sub committees on drought will tour the Drought-Hit areas to review relief works .
In his message , Siddaramaiah said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good North East monsoon that will raise the hopes for Rabi crops .
Siddaramaiah said 139 Taluks in the state have been suffering from drought and the loss is estimated at RS 16,000 crore .
Speaking on Mondays protests against Demonetisation , Siddaramaiah said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency .
Prior to tabling the bill , chief minister Siddaramaiah said GST was the brainchild of the upa government , and it was started by then finance minister P Chidambaram .
Skeptical about up farm loan Waiveron the Uttar Pradesh government waiving farm loans , benefiting 86 lakh farmers , Siddaramaiah said he does not know if the centre had chipped in .
The SC order came a week after Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the Cauvery catchment areas ( in Karnataka ) .
B'Backing chief minister Siddaramaiah on the issue of Cauvery water sharing with Tamil Nadu , Janata DAL ( secular ) national secretary general Danish Ali on Sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in Cauvery catchment areas , how can the Karnataka government release the river waters .
Pointing out that the rules , if implemented in their letter and spirit , would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act , Siddaramaiah said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure , which was in accordance with the Karnataka agricultural produce marketing ( regulation ) act .
Siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of Demonetisation .
The centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers , thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis , Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah has said in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Pointing out that the rules , if implemented in their letter and spirit , would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act , Siddaramaiah said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure , which was in accordance with the Karnataka agricultural produce marketing ( regulation ) act .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of RS 25,000 crore .
Siddaramaiah said the campuses where these firms have set up were built on agricultural land .
In an apparent reference to Congress , Smritiirani said , the Naamdaars ( Dynasts ) who ruled for 55 years , have never thought about development of Amethi and about farmers .
Smriti Irani : watchful Calcutta , April 14 : Union textiles minister Smritiirani has asked the jute corporation of India and the National jute board to help increase the supply of certified jute seeds at a cheaper price to farmers in consultation with the National seeds Corporation .
Hitting out at Rahul Gandhi , Smritiirani later told reporters that the Congress vice president has been saying on land bill that he will not let anyone take an inch of farmers ' land .
Seeking to turn the tables on Congress over its president 's 'Hawabaazi ' ( empty talk ) Barb at Modi , Smritiirani said the real 'Hawabaazi ' would be Rahul Gandhi declaring himself to be a messiah of farmers as she attacked the Congress vice president over the Amethi land row .
Highlighting Pradhan Mantri Kisan BIMA Yojna , Smritiirani said that the centre has approved Kisan Vihaan Kendra in Amethi and if the state government provide land it would be started soon .
Lucknow , SEP 21 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:34 Istunion HRD minister Smritiirani on Sunday said she was not scared of the legal notice from Congress over her claims that Rajiv Gandhi trust had grabbed 65 acres of farmers ' land in Amethi .
Talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister Narendra Modi led central government , Smritiirani said : under the leadership of prime minister Modi , whether it is the interest of the nation , farmers or common men , every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement .
Visiting Surat as part of the ongoing campaign of the Narendra Modi-Led NDA government to celebrate four years the BJP rule , Smritiirani said that the textile businessmen facing issues with refund under integrated goods and services tax ( Igst ) would be heard at special camps being organised by the finance ministry .
Addressing members of the textile industry , Smritiirani said , I had meeting with the members of the textile industry and finance minister Piyush Goyal to discuss the issue of refund of Igst .
Highlighting Pradhan Mantri Kisan BIMA Yojna , Smritiirani said the centre has approved Kisan Vigyan Kendra in Amethi and if the state government provided land , it would be started soon .
Speaking at an interactive session with the members of merchants Chamber of commerce and industry in Kolkata on Thursday , Smritiirani said , NSC will supply these certified seeds to the jute farmers in the state through different central and state government agencies .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said that the government will step up printing of RS 500 notes by five times in order to meet an unusual spurt in demand for cash .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said the Reserve Bank will increase five-fold the printing of RS 500 notes to about RS 2,500 crore a day to deal with the cash shortage .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said Demonetisation and GST reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said Demonetisation and GST reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms .
( file photo ) the Congress government had failed to deliver on its promise to waive farm loans , sad president Sukhbirsinghbadal said Monday .
Justifying free power to farmers , deputy chief minister Sukhbirsinghbadal said that most of the states do it to provide support to farmers .
Picture by Nagendra Kumar Singhpatna : all Bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years , deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said on Wednesday .
Notebandi ( Demonetisation ) , prohibition and goods and services tax ( GST ) were very courageous steps , but many times I feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than Demonetisation , deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said at De-Addiction day celebrations in Patna in the presence of Nitish and prohibition , excise and registration minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav .
10 ( PTI ) : the GST Council on Friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent , Bihar deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Friday said Bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector .
Agriculture Patna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution .
Deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi , who is in charge of the commercial taxes department , had announced in August the possibility of convenience centres for traders ' ease in filing GST returns .
Sanjeev Kumar Vermasushil Kumar Modipatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes , ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers ' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018 .
Patna : senior BJP functionary Sushilkumarmodi on Tuesday said Rajesh Agrawal , the chartered accountant of Mishail Packers and printers Pvt Ltd , an alleged shell firm run by Rjd chief Lalu Prasad 's eldest daughter Misa Bharti and her husband Shailesh Kumar , has confessed to enforcement Directorate ( Ed ) that he had converted black money to the tune of RS 1 .
Deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments , said people have now begun to understand GST which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis -- vis GST has reduced to only 10 per cent .
Sack Sushmaswaraj , says Rahul Gandhinew Delhi , June 16 , 2015 , Dhns 23:29 Istcongress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Monday asked prime minister Narendra Modi to sack external affairs minister Sushmaswaraj Swaraj for helping former IPL chief Lalit Modi who is the symbol of black money .
Speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers , Sushmaswaraj told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the BJP was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country .
Repatriation and comprehensive tax reform are important to the economy , Apple Inc CEO TimCook said earlier this month on CNBC .
By Ptijaipur : Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje today announced a RS 8,000-Crore loan waiver for farmers , RS 650 crore tax relief and RS 44,135 crore expenditure on social and community schemes in the budget for 2018-19 presented in the assembly today .
Jaipur : Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje on Thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to RS 50,000 .
B'Rajasthan cm Vasundhararaje ( source : PTI photo ) Rajasthan cm Vasundhararaje ( source : PTI photo ) Demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the GST implementation has brought a positive change in the economy , Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje said on Thursday , lauding 3 years of Modi government at centre .
B'During the debate , chief minister Vasundhararaje said Rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the GST , which will provide relief from price rise .
During the debate , chief minister Vasundhararaje said Rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the GST , which will provide relief from price rise .
During the debate , chief minister Vasundhararaje said Rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the GST , which will provide relief from price rise .
Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje in the budget for 2018-19 announced a one-time loan waiver of up to RS 50,000 for small and marginal farmers along with a budgetary provision of RS 2,000 crore .
Stating that the government has already made representation to the centre for setting up a corpus fund for crop failure compensation , chief minister Vijayrupani said that for the year 2019 , the state government has purchased crop insurance for RS 12,000 crore sum insured .
B'Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( file photo ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( file photo ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani on Friday said that the state government was helping mitigate losses by purchasing their commodities at minimum support price ( MSP ) but added that he wants farmers to upscale their production further and earn dollars by exporting their produce .
Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani on Sunday announced changes in the norms for spending annual grant of RS 1 crore to each MLA for local area development ( lad ) to help projects like Swachh Bharat mission and farmers market , as per the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee .
Chief minister Vijayrupani listed out the achievements of his government , while deputy chief minister Nitin Patel told the party workers about the goods and services tax ( GST ) , said Pandya .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said that active workers should be linked with Aadhaar-Based payment system .
After assuming power , chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced loan waivers of up to RS 1 lakh relating to small and marginal farmers .
On reports that potato farmers were throwing their produce on roads in the state capital , Yogiadityanath said , it ( the reports ) was an effort to give a message that government was not concerned about the potato growers , while this is the first government which has declared minimum support price for potato .
Also Read| we will make them search for Chillums at Yogi 's house : Akhilesh Yadavthe governments of the Congress , the Samajwadi party ( SP ) and the Bahujan Samaj party ( BSP ) were not concerned with development , whereas prime minister Narendra Modi worked for women , the poor and farmers , Yogiadityanath said .
Once again , I am saying that our government wo n't let anyone play with the lives of people , wo n't tolerate anarchy , and exploitation of the poor , businessmen and farmers , Yogiadityanath said .
Punjab is closely following the footsteps of Uttar Pradesh , where chief minister Yogiadityanath announced a waiver of loans to farmers soon after taking charge .
Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath announced waiver of RS 36,000 crore farmers loan as the state has other sources of income and generous support by the union government .
Earlier , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than RS 1 lakh , costing the Exchequer almost RS 36,000 crore .
Earlier , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than RS one lakh costing the Exchequer to the tune of RS 36,000 crore .
District president of Bhartiya Kisan Union ( Bku ) , Digambar Singh , said , chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced that 18 hours of power will be supplied in rural area and 24 hours in district headquarters .
Chief minister Yogiadityanath on Saturday announced an ex Gratia of RS 4 lakh to families of the deceased and directed district magistrates to assess crop damage and identify farmers eligible for financial aid .
Comparing suicide of farmers in Karnataka with up , Yogiadityanath said up has a population of 23 crore , which is three times higher than that of Karnataka , but there are no cases of farmer suicides in the northern state .
Lucknow : chief minister Yogiadityanath on Monday announced that the Uttar Pradesh government would not impose any new tax on public in the ongoing financial year , despite financial burden of farmer loan waiver and plan to expedite other infrastructure projects .
Gorakhpur : chief minister Yogiadityanath said on Sunday that previous state governments ignored the development of Gorakhpur and added that the farmers , too , were affected due to neglect of sugar mills in the region .
Promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days , Yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months .
Accusing the previous governments of being responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the state , Yogiadityanath said work will be done to make development agriculture-based as it is main source of income .
Soon after the house assembled at 11am , leader of opposition Indira Hridayesh raised the issue saying if Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath could announce a loan waiver for farmers at the very first meeting of his cabinet , why the same cant be done in Uttarakhand .
Chief minister Yogiadityanath on Thursday said the state government had decided to waive off electricity surcharge for farmers in West Uttar Pradesh .
The controversy comes just days after Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath announced RS 36,350-Crore farm loan waiver and Punjab cm Capt Amarinder Singh set up an expert group to assess the agriculture debt and suggest ways for its waiver to help farmers .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said active workers should be linked with a Aadhaar-Based payment system .
( express photo by Vishal Srivastava ) attributing Demonetisation of higher denomination notes to the economic thinking of Babasaheb Ambedkar , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath today said the centre displayed immense political willpower and courage in Demonetising the currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 .
Yogi Yogiadityanath ( source : file photo ) Yogiadityanath ( source : file photo ) Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath has said that exploitation of farmers will not be tolerated , and officials , who ignore their interests , will not be spared .
Read | amid complaints , up cm Yogi orders framing of Anti-Romeo Guidelinesfarmer loan Waiverat his first cabinet meeting , Yogiadityanath said the state government would waive loans of RS 36,359 crore taken by about 94 lakh small and marginal farmers Uttar Pradesh .
He was general secretary of district , and he always stood for the poor farmers and youth , Yogiadityanath said .
In his letter to Rana , sent on December 2 , Satya pal Singh , who is the BJP MP from Baghpat , said farmers are regularly taking up the issue of pending sugarcane dues and that chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced twice that their demand must be looked into .
Chief minister Yogiadityanath in a statement in the assembly on Tuesday said that his government has decided to provide subsidy to potato farmers for transportation of their produce to other places for better prices .
1:50 PM : Meanwhile , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath has said that welfare of farmers is the welfare of the country .
Recalling his visit to Madhya Pradesh more than a decade ago , Yogiadityanath said it was a backward state that was the weakest in agriculture production and had bad roads .
Promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days , Yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months .
Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpurs Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpursthe Uttar Pradesh government will award contracts through E-Tendering to remove Mafia and criminal elements , chief minister Yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption .
After Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers , farmers all across the country began demanding the same .
At the function , Yogiadityanath said , the 86 lakh farmers of Uttar Pradesh , whose loans are being waived , should be asked to plant 10 saplings each in order to increase the number of trees .
As per the constitutional provisions , the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed , Yogiadityanath said .
As per the constitutional provisions , the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed , Yogiadityanath said .
Now the responsibility is on the Vidhan Sabha to pass the GST bill , Yogiadityanath said .
