Higher and technical education secretary Ajaykumar said this at a news meet at Suchana Bhavan today , and added that Jharkhand needed some 600 new colleges to improve its gross enrolment ratio ( GER ) of 8 .
Higher and technical education secretary Ajaykumar also asked for formal skill development training in Miningbigger kebab Mapthe great Kabab factory , a restaurant chain run via franchisees by Delhi-based Umak hospitality , is planning an extension .
Providing state-of-the-art facilities free of cost to start-ups will give a jump-start to entrepreneurs of Rajasthan and enable them to prove their mettle to be leaders not just in India , but across the world , said Akhilarora , principal secretary of the State Department of information technology and communication .
The startups and entrepreneurs will be provided free space , Internet , and other infrastructure at the Bhamashah techno hub , said Akhilarora , principal secretary , Department of it and communication .
Weightage will be given to teams or individuals who have taken up startup ideas in the past and got to the prototype stage , said Akhilarora , principal secretary , DoIt & C .
On the issue of corruption , Akhileshyadav said it was a matter of concern to reduce corruption at all levels and if daily working is associated with latest technology , it could bring transparency .
Earlier , Akhileshyadav said that Samajwadis had set a precedence of development in the state by constructing this 302-Km hi-tech expressway which would open new vistas of development in the state .
Earlier , Akhileshyadav said that Samajwadis had set a precedence of development in the state by constructing this 302-Km hi-tech expressway which would open new vistas of development in the state .
Arguing the state 's case further , Amarindersingh said with the establishment of tissue culture and Aeroponic technology at the centre of excellence for potato , at Dhogri in Jalandhar , the whole seed potato producing area in the state shall come under certified seed potato in the coming 4-5 years .
Venting his ire over Kejriwal 's 'Audacity ' to call the picture scientific proof of his 'Demented logic ' , Amarindersingh said had the Delhi chief minister bothered to check the data , he would have thought a hundred times before coming out with such a reckless statement .
Chief minister Capt Amarindersingh has already announced his governments intent to Canalise all rivers of the state with technical support from the World Bank and Asian Development Bank to realign river streams and courses , besides strengthening and widening of Embankments for a permanent solution .
Bseb chairman Anandkishore said the board was in the process to acquire a de-duplication software to screen such candidates and maintain closer scrutiny .
The sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities , one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy , while another has a golden treasure of ancient art , culture , heritage and unique architecture , said mayor Anantanarayanjena , defining Bhubaneswar 's transformation as a smart city in the recent past .
It would also help in direct and indirect employment generation avenues in and around the city , said mayor Anantanarayanjena , adding that Bhubaneswar had gained prominence especially after winning the smart city challenge in 2016 .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said : smart city and modern Urbanisation are the future .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said Janpath would see all-round development in the smart city project .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said promotion of Non-Motorised transport was one of the important agendas of the smart city proposal .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said the construction of the four-lane roads was part of the smart city 's railway station multi-modal hub project .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said that while taking up the terminal 's renovation , they would follow the same procedure in which they were executing the smart city projects .
Mayor Anantanarayanjena said the civic body was committed to providing quality services to the citizens in the smart city .
Berlin : chancellor Angelamerkel says she only found out about Volkswagen 's use of software to cheat on emissions through the media .
Lauding efforts associated with the project and their innovations , Anilbaijal asked the stakeholders to use the latest scientific methods for cleaning drains and urged the experts to provide the latest technologies to urban local bodies to solve waste issues .
L-G Anilbaijal said the scientific collection , systematic segregation and compressed volume of garbage will lead to dumping of less garbage in sanitary landfills .
Also , lieutenant governor Anilbaijal had repeatedly told us during review meetings that enhancing property tax is crucial for Sdmc to generate money for smart city projects .
Chandigarh : Haryana health minister Anilvij has said that the countrys 22nd All-India Institute of medical sciences ( Aiims ) would be constructed in Manethi , Rewari , at a cost of RS 1,100 crore .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Also read : parliamentary panel may question RBI governor Urjit Patel on stand-off with central Governmentif we are to improve ( growth rate ) , we need certain level of credit as far as entrepreneurs are concerned , ( and it is necessary that ) liquidity is maintained , Arunjaitley said .
A large number of nationally acclaimed institutions have come forward to take research in technology to the next level , Arunjaitley said .
On the role of customs and the entire tax department , Arunjaitley said it has been evolving with changing nature of economy and with increased tools of technology now being available .
| Reutersnew Delhi : India will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters on Tuesday , as part of the government 's fight against the cash economy .
The upa legislation , Arunjaitley said , was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the UID would be used .
New Delhi , Jan 16 , 2016 ( PTI ) 13:23 Istgovernment in the budget next month will announce a friendly tax regime that will encourage setting up of startups in the country , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Without referring to Advani 's comments , Arunjaitley said the media censorship is not possible today because of the technology itself .
On the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash , as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media .
I also intend to set up five more IITs ( Indian Institutes of technology ) in Jammu , Chhattisgarh , GOA , Andhra Pradesh and Kerala , Arunjaitley said while presenting the budget for 2014-15 .
It is proposed to develop 10 prominent tourist sites into iconic tourism destinations by following a holistic approach involving infrastructure and skill development , development of technology , attracting private investment , branding and marketing , finance minister Arunjaitley said in his budget speech .
In the budget for 2017-18 , finance minister Arunjaitley said a Digigaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine , education and skills through digital technology .
As part of the operation clean money launched on January 31 , 2017 , Arunjaitley said the I-T department would leverage technology and data analysis for E-Verification of cash deposits made during the Demonetisation period .
After addressing Sebis board and top officials at a customary Post-Budget meeting , Arunjaitley said he also discussed the future agenda for the capital markets regulatory body , including the evolving technological and policy changes .
But banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it , Arunjaitley said , adding that technology has to keep pace with crime .
To further bolster the cashless transactions , Arunjaitley said that Sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history .
During his budget speech , finance minister Arunjaitley announced that Niti Aayog would spearhead a national programme on AI ; with the near doubling of the digital India budget , the it ministry also announced the setting up of four committees for AI related research .
Earlier in the day , finance minister Arunjaitley said the government was ready with an entrepreneur-friendly taxation regime .
Noting that India has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions , Arunjaitley said Indians have now become aspirational , which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives .
Stating that the suggestion was wrong in its entirety , Arunjaitley said , to ensure probity in spending , the contact for construction of stadium , through a bidding process , was awarded to a public sector organisation ( engineering projects India Ltd ) .
Share this article related article government opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money Billgovernment opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money bill the LPG Puzzlethe LPG puzzle Aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie Pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arun Jaitleyhope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arunjaitley Aadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabha Aadhaar gets statutory status ; centre to bring bill in two Dayswhile wrapping up the debate , Arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised , most speakers have actually supported the bill .
On the privacy issue , Arunjaitley said the bill had provisions for taking care of it .
Briefing about the cabinet meeting , finance minister Arunjaitley said the preference to the domestic manufactured goods would be given under the government procurement preference to make in India order 2017 .
This will provide a one-stop conversion support system for empowering rural women with opportunities for employment , skill development , digital literacy , health and nutrition , Arunjaitley announced .
Why shouldnt we make use of this technology if it helps us catch tax evaders , Arunjaitley asked during his reply to the debate on finance bill , which was passed in the evening .
With opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the Demonetisation process , Arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process .
The upa legislation , Arunjaitley said , was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the UID would be used .
We have considered many factors and after analysing carefully , we have taken this step , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya told reporters here on the sidelines of a women entrepreneurs ' National Convention .
Danish Ashraf , nodal officer for smart city mission and SDM ( East ) , said , people are coming up with complaints , problems , suggestions and ideas but till now , we have not received any idea from residents welfare associations .
These are all priority sectors under 'Skill India ' and 'Make in India ' programmes , which require large workforce with advanced technical skills , India 's high commissioner in Singapore Jawed Ashraf said here on Friday .
The difference is extremely glaring in perishable commodities like vegetables , Babu said in his address at the 46th convocation of the University of agricultural sciences ( UAS ) here on Friday .
New Delhi : Internet of things and new technologies are a deadly combination and will play an important role in the growth of his state , said N Babu , chief minister , Andhra Pradesh .
Reminiscing his efforts to bring the e-governance in the United Andhra Pradesh , Babu said that unless there was new thinking , planning and execution , there would not be any progress in any sector .
With the help of the advanced technologies , the government is conserving resources , Babu said .
On the occasion , Union minister M Venkaiah Babu said that the Demonetisation was also a part of the digital India .
Babu said the big three software services companies - TCs , Infosys , cognizant - cutting recruitment by more than half was an alarming prospect for the engineering students .
The increase in engineering colleges and the number of seats should have been in proportion to the industry demand , said Babu .
Our Endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing , Babu said .
Asserting that every issue related to the construction of the project was being executed based on clearances given by technical committees , Babu project authority , central water commission and as per the designs prepared by engineers and experts , Babu said that the so-called intellectuals should know all these issues .
As the chief guest at the Andhra University science college annual day celebrations here , Babu asked the students to respond whether his decision was right .
Our HR will take a call tomorrow morning whether to declare a holiday ( on Tuesday ) , said Babu , a software engineer .
Chief minister N Babu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make Andhra Pradesh a crime free state in India through the usage of latest technology in forensic Labs .
Addressing a press conference in Amaravati , Babu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister P Ashok Gajapati Raju and Y Satyanarayana Chowdary , minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences , to resign from the union cabinet .
Expressing serious concern over reports of failure of Evms at several places across the state , Babu said he had been saying right from the beginning that Evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches .
The surface water of Krishna river will anyway be polluted and along with it the ground water as well , said said K Babu , a retired senior scientist from the Indian Institute of chemical technology .
For highly specialised technology and labour , we will bring in outside consultants for the purpose , but we will deliver the vessels to the Indian Navys satisfaction and also on time , Admiral Babu said .
Thiruvananthapuram : the procedures are on to set up the headquarters of the Apj Abdul Kalam technological university on a piece of land at Vilappilsala in Thiruvananthapuram district , education minister C Babu told the assembly on Monday .
We 've also seen intellectual property , technologies that were created by US companies , with a lot of investment , a lot of up-front capital , taken , not protected properly , by Chinese firms , BarackObama said .
Technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us , BarackObama said , adding that such technology requires a moral revolution as well .
In a much-anticipated speech that ranged from broad principles to technical details , BarackObama said he would end the vast collection of phone data as it exists today .
For our part , the United States continues to look at our export controls to make sure Indian companies have the same access to American technology as our closest allies , BarackObama told PTI in a wide-ranging interview .
To accelerate that change , we need science , BarackObama said .
With a creative spirit and a drive for innovation , he pioneered new technologies that have rightfully received worldwide acclaim , U.S. president BarackObama said .
These innovators are working to help keep the United States on the cutting edge , showing that federal investments in science lead to advancements that expand our knowledge of the world around us and contribute to our economy , BarackObama said .
These innovators are working to help keep the United States on the cutting edge , showing that federal investments in science lead to advancements that expand our knowledge of the world around us and contribute to our economy , BarackObama said .
With a creative spirit and a drive for innovation , he pioneered new technologies that have rightfully received worldwide acclaim , U.S. president BarackObama said .
We plan to more than double the software robots to over 500 by end of this fiscal , Chandakochhar , MD and CEO , ICICI bank , said .
That the so-called 'Gumnami Baba ' , who reportedly died in 1985 leaving his teeth among his trunk load of personal belongings , was not Netaji was established in a scientific DNA test , Chandrabose said .
So thats why youve named your son Fidel , Deepak told Joshi , a lecturer at the business Department of the higher College of technology .
The software identifies the words which find an entry in the dictionary and translates them into Marathi , said Deepak , the officiating controller of the examination .
Its advertisement also amounts to violation of Cotpa under section 5 , said Deepak , executive director , seeds , the technical support partner of the Jharkhand health department in implementation of the National tobacco control programme in five districts of the state .
The machine is being repaired and can not be used for the next 10 days , said Dr Deepak , the director of RAM Manohar Lohia Institute of medical sciences in Lucknow .
Deputy Commissioner-Cum-Secretary ( information technology ) Dr s B Deepak said , this is the third service that we have launched this month .
Ut special secretary information technology SB Deepak said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents , which was not the motive of starting the EDC .
Pali sp Deepak told toi that investigators were awaiting a final ballistics report on the shooting from the state forensic science laboratory to corroborate their hunch that Munisekar fired the weapon at Periyapandi while the team tried to storm the gangs hideout in a shack in an abandoned brick kiln in Ramavas village .
These videos will be live on our Facebook page and can be viewed on YouTube as well , said Deepak , an MA political science student at Kirori mal college , who has been volunteering at Ducr for three years .
Deepak Kumar ( 23 ) , a resident of Anisabad , said : I have filled up two examination forms , one of technical assistant in the Indian railway and another for assistant in the cabinet secretariat .
Deputy Commissioner-Cum-Secretary ( information technology ) Dr s B Deepakkumar said , this is the third service that we have launched this month .
Ut special secretary information technology SB Deepakkumar said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents , which was not the motive of starting the EDC .
These videos will be live on our Facebook page and can be viewed on YouTube as well , said Deepakkumar , an MA political science student at Kirori mal college , who has been volunteering at Ducr for three years .
Technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Wednesday .
( express archive ) skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors , including agriculture and industries , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday interacting with ITI students .
Taking a step forward towards the development of Kalyan-Dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan , chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Friday said , smart cities can not be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning .
Prince Dhawan , director ( information technology ) , said , it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city .
Meanwhile , municipal commissioner Dineshwaghmare said , e-governance is atop of civic Bodys Agendawe will certainly be going digital , but in a phased manner .
Modiji brags about start-up India and make in India , but he can give jobs to only one lakh youth a year in the country which is about 450 jobs a day , Gandhi said .
Speaking about the poor innovation in India , Gandhi said there was a lack of funding .
Gandhi said the education system needs a reform where PhD research should be linked to industry and innovation .
Hitting out hard at the centre , Gandhi said first the government offered sops to push people to use debit/credit cards and when the people started using more of cashless means , now lack of coordination with banks and their policies is forcing petrol pump owners to adopt these drastic steps .
When asked about data privacy , Gandhi said it companies have understood that India and China has large data .
Gandhi said the 'Make in India ' scheme of the government has failed to create jobs or attract investment and unemployment was rampant .
Immigration of doctors hurts the country , chairperson of the National Advisory Council ( Nac ) Gandhi told graduating doctors during the 39 th convocation ceremony of the all India Institute of medical sciences ( Aiims ) on Wednesday .
Gandhi said not a single person has benefitted by the prime ministers promises of controlling inflation , depositing RS . 15 lakh in the accounts of each citizen and upgrading certain towns to smart city .
Ridiculing the make in India campaign , Gandhi said , the Babbar Sher ( mascot of make in India campaign ) does not squeak even like a mouse .
On the day when the government launched the startup India campaign , Gandhi said there is a huge contradiction that the centre was attempting to push start-ups while being intolerant .
Twitter.Com/Qbjiftvrkj Gandhi ( @ Rahulgandhi ) August 19 , 2019Charting the steps taken by Rajiv government , the video says : computers become the symbol of ambitious Indians , entrepreneurs like NR Narayana Murthy , Shiv Nadar and Azim Prem set-up world-class it companies , through Mtnl Indians could connect to 243 overseas countries , digitised telephone exchanges , Pcos introduced to connect rural and urban India and first Indian railways introduced digital reservation for tickets .
Near reception , computers enabled with net are lined up to facilitate the visitors have the feel of New Age technology- which is now almost paperless , in collating information , says the librarian Dr Ramesh Gandhi .
Gandhi said that in parliament he had asked Modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing RS 15 lakh in everybody 's bank account , the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white , Rohith Vemula 's suicide , Kanhaiya Kumar and Jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'Make in India ' scheme .
Maneka Gandhi said the 'Beti Bachao , Beti Padhao ' campaign was the fourth major initiative of the Modi government after Jandhan Yojna , Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and make in India campaign .
Kerala is also the first state to have a startup policy , Gandhi said .
Emphasising the need for scientific investigation of crimes , Gandhi said spiralling cases crime against women and children have necessitated scientific analysis of physical evidence in such cases .
While Gandhi said proof of orders given to Hal was needed , the defence minister on Sunday released details of contracts signed and those where requests for proposal have been issued and contracts are at technical evaluation stage .
This is not correct as postal services would continue to be in step with the times and render services in tandem with the new technology , Gandhi said .
V K Gautham , principal secretary ( information technology ) , Maharashtra government , said , we are paying the Mtnl for their bandwidth .
Meanwhile , V K Gautham , principal secretary ( information technology ) , told the Indian express that zero incidents on Mantralayas network had been reported following the virus scare of Wannacry .
Vk Gautham , principal secretary of States information technology department , said the concern is a valid one .
33 PM , said JL Gautham , operations head at the NSB , a unit of ministry of earth sciences .
Vk Gautham , principal secretary of the States information technology department , said they have 50 teams deployed on the ground to sort out issues at the hotspots .
In rural areas , we register children in Anganwadis but in urban areas , many of them do n't come to Anganwadis , state information technology chief V K Gautham said .
In rural areas , we register children in Anganwadis but in urban areas , many of them do n't come to Anganwadis , state information technology chief V K Gautham said .
Principal secretary information technology VK Gautham told toi that a three-pronged strategy has been adapted by the government to address the shortcomings in this age group .
The epicentre of the quake was Rudraprayag district in Uttarakhand , said J L Gautham , operations head at the National seismological Bureau , a unit of ministry of earth sciences .
Bathinda deputy commissioner Ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned , said Whitefly-Friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the Agriculture Department before March 11 .
An average American Software-Engineer in the US , gets anything between $ 1,40,000 to $ 1,70,000 depending on which school has the graduate passed out from , said Gogia , CEO and chief analyst of Greyhound research .
New Delhi : the Indian it industry will have to step up on innovation amid challenges like need for new products , digital disruption and shrinking manpower requirements triggered by software automation , vice president Hamidansari said on Saturday while inaugurating the new headquarters of the National Association of software services companies in Noida .
Use science to overcome Obscurantism , says Ansaribengaluru , may 22 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:02 Istvice-President Hamidansari on Friday said promotion and embedding of science and scientific temper is a constitutional duty , besides being a moral one for a modern nation .
Eliminating malaria and tuberculosis ( TB ) were high on the radar of the government , said Dr Harshvardhan , Union minister for health and family welfare , science and technology and earth sciences .
Health minister Harshvardhan said the health ministry is providing all logistical and technical support to the state government in terms of surveillance and diagnostic kits to strengthen their efforts in addressing je .
Mayor Jain said that the implementation of the e-governance project is very important .
The event will feature more than 800 participants and around 50 renowned speakers who will be interacting with the aspiring entrepreneurs , said tie president Jain who is also the founder and CEO of net solutions .
Pawan Jain told toi that it 's a dispute between right to information and right to privacy .
We wish to form proposals that will help young entrepreneurs too , said Sameer Jain , chairman of young Indians ( Chandigarh chapter ) and CEO of net solutions .
Jain said he had suggested to the Discoms in the first meeting with them to shut down the plants that have become obsolete in technical terms .
M g science Institute principal P K Jain told the Indian express that this year science colleges were getting good response from students .
Rajesh Jain , one of the builders of Arihant Arden society , said that the process of changing the Transformer is facing a delay due to technical issues .
More scientific methods will be adopted for this purpose , health minister Jain Jain said .
Chief minister Jayalalithaa had said that it was a meteorite fall that caused the mishap at the campus of a private engineering college .
Chief minister Jayalalithaa had said that it was a meteorite fall that caused the mishap at the campus of a private engineering college .
By Ptiwashington : digital technologies offer a hope in the fight against corruption which is a problem in every single country of the world , World Bank president Jimyongkim has said .
'Use space technology for social Good'September 26 , 2015 , Bengaluru , Dhns 1:47 Istindian space research organisation ( ISRO ) chairman a s Kirankumar said there is a need to use space technology for social good and development .
Isro will provide Satellite-Generated information to the railways through space technology-based tools that will provide safety at unmanned level crossings , ISRO chairman a s Kirankumar told reporters here yesterday in reply to a question on how will ISRO help the railways in using the navigational support system .
The technological demonstration flight of the reusable launch vehicle ( Rlv ) is scheduled for September at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh , Indian space research organisation ( ISRO ) chairman a s Kirankumar told reporters here .
Addressing a gathering after delivering a lecture on space technology and societal applications , a s Kirankumar , chairman , ISRO , said on Monday that ISRO is working on designing Reuseable satellite launch vehicles in an effort to cut down cost .
Need for workforce to achieve sustainable development Stressedshivamogga , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:56 Istindian space research organisation ( ISRO ) chairman a s Kirankumar said on Thursday that there was a need to provide inputs to the decision-makers of the country based on scientific analysis to tackle the issues people are facing .
The commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world-class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available , Kirankumar said .
Prof Kirankumar , Educationist and former executive council member , Visvesvaraya technological University , says that one of the main reasons for the state institutions ' poor grading is due to the fact that institutions do not understand education compliance .
The commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available , '' Kirankumar said .
Earlier during the day , Aditya Birla group chairman Kumarmangalambirla said , this combination will enable the Aditya Birla group to create a high quality digital infrastructure that will transition the Indian population towards a digital lifestyle , and make the governments digital India vision a reality .
While some analysts have said the plans will raise Infosyss cost burden and impact its margins , deputy chief operating officer Kumarravi said it would make Indias second-biggest software services company nimbler .
We are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in Connecticut and to create 1,000 technology jobs in the state , Infosys president Kumarravi said .
This is in contrast to joining a large organisation where there would be lesser ownership , and therefore , lesser learning , belong 's chief technology officer ( CTO ) Vinodh Kumarravi said .
We are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in Connecticut and create 1,000 technology jobs in the state , Infosys president Kumarravi said .
Factors like viability of implementation , city vision and strategy , economic and environmental impacts of the plan , cost effectiveness , innovation and scalability and the process followed for preparing the DPR , including consultation of the citizens , will be taken into account for preparing the final list of 20 cities , Union urban development minister M.Venkaiahnaidu told Deccan Herald .
In these days of high technological advancements , authorities should ensure a more secure and fool-proof system while conducting such recruitment examinations , says Madan .
Rain-Hit Chennai airport resumes technical Flightsnew Delhi , DEC 5 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 13:46 Isttechnical flights have started from Rain-Hit Chennai airport where operations were suspended on Wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights , Union minister Maheshsharma said today .
Smart city projects executive engineer Maheshsharma said that they will be finalizing an agency for the same soon .
After the ceremony , Mamatabanerjee said , Chandrima will take charge of health and e-governance and Ujjwal will take care of the jail ( correctional administration ) department .
Either you fix such technical problems or do not stop funds citing such lame excuses , Mamatabanerjee said .
After the ceremony , Mamatabanerjee said , Chandrima will take charge of health and e-governance and Ujjwal will take care of the jail ( correctional administration ) department .
Watch video : whats making Newswe discussed a lot of topics like investment , technology , culture and social media , Mamatabanerjee said after the meeting .
Sources said Mamatabanerjee , during her recent visit to Cooch Behar , had asked the officials to encourage local entrepreneurs to make investments on the site .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee has told me that Bengal will join the All-India single entrance test for engineering from 2014 , Sibal said at a news conference in the city .
There is certain amount of intellectual investment which India has made in the development of tech industry on the US , Congress party spokesperson Manishtewari said .
There is certain amount of intellectual investment which India has made in the development of tech industry on the US , Congress party spokesperson Manishtewari said .
B'Asking scientists to think out of the box for advancements in the country , Prime Minister Manmohansingh today announced 2012-13 as the year of science to unleash the energies of young scientists and attract more people towards research .
A university is also being set up for developing and honing the skills of youths through about 800 technical courses , Manoharlalkhattar said .
The ultimate goal is to prevent corruption by use of technology and minimizing the discretion process , chief minister Manoharlalkhattar told senior officers at a meeting , the first of its kind on eradicating corruption , here this week .
A university is also being set up for developing and honing the skills of youths through about 800 technical courses , Manoharlalkhattar said .
London : chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said in London he wants to transform Haryana into a Silicon Valley , which attracts expats and tech companies from overseas .
London : chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said in London he wants to transform Haryana into a Silicon Valley , which attracts expats and tech companies from overseas .
Speaking at the event , Manoharlalkhattar also said , industrial organisations have to play an active role in bridging their gap with the technical Institutes of the state .
Speaking about long term policy decisions , Manoharlalkhattar said that the state government was working on two schemes to make available land for entrepreneurs to set up industries and to create more sources of income for the villages .
( file photo ) defence minister Manoharparrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of America first of us president Donald Trump and make in India of prime minister Narendra Modi .
B'Bowing to pressure from within BJP against the US-based Playboy clubs move to open its facility in the coastal state , GOA chief minister Manoharparrikar today said the application would not be considered by his government on technical grounds .
It was in January this year , while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the National Bank for agriculture and rural development ( Nabard ) , Manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by September 30 .
By September 30 my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said .
In November 2016 , post demon , Manoharparrikar had announced that GOA would be the first state in the country to go cashless and would achieve this by December 31 , 2016 .
12M openings will be provided at certain stretches by way of small bridges to allow for the free flow of water , he said adding , the irrigation department has been directed to work out scientific solutions to prevent flooding and to take Anti-Flooding measures , Manoharparrikar said .
Vasco : chief minister Manoharparrikar on Friday said that the union government can look at Italy , Russia and South Korea for transfer for technology ( tot ) to build 12 mine counter measure vessels ( Mcmv ) for the Indian Navy at the GOA shipyard Ltd ( Gsl ) .
Panaji , Aug 30 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 12:20 Istunion defence minister Manoharparrikar has said the Drdo 's transfer of technology deal with yoga guru Ramdev 's trust will fetch RS 50 crore revenue for the people of Leh region .
Hospitals should get cashless transaction system , says Parrikarmangaluru , DEC 26 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:36 Istdefence minister Manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country .
Asked about defence trade and technology initiative ( Dtti ) with the US , Manoharparrikar said it is already there .
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an industry exhibition on technology and material sciences in Navi Mumbai , Manoharparrikar said during the past 23 months that I have been in charge , we have signed contracts worth RS 2 .
Stating that the make in India concept as it stands today talks only of a platform , Manoharparrikar said , I do n't understand why only platforms .
The make in India push , Manoharparrikar told Mediapersons , had begun to yield results .
'Defence food lab should work for Farmers'Mysuru , May 8 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:57 Istunion defence minister Manoharparrikar on Sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory ( Dfrl ) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status .
By September 30 , 2018 , my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by Nabard ( National Bank for agriculture and rural development ) at a function here .
Defence minister Manoharparrikar has said India will choose at least one more aircraft , besides the indigenous Tejas , for the IAF through the 'Make in India ' route .
Going forward , MarkZuckerberg said the company has deployed new artificial intelligence tools to better identify fake accounts that may be trying to interfere in elections or spread misinformation .
Govt depts should have space cell : Pmnew Delhi , SEP 08 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:43 Istevery government department will need to create a space cell to find the new and innovative ways of utilising the benefits of space technologies in policy planning and governance , Prime Minister Modi said .
The dialogue between industry and academia is far from ideal in India , Modi said , while inaugurating the 102Nd session of the Indian science Congress at Mumbai University here .
Citing Chinas ascendancy as the second largest economy in the world largely on its success in science and technology , Modi said equal attention has been given to R & D in make in India campaign .
I seek your support to transform India , Modi told the scientific fraternity .
Doing scientific research to be made easier : Pmmysuru , Jan 3 , 2016 ( PTI ) 16:10 Istdoing scientific research would be made easier and science administration , too , will be improved in the country , Prime Minister Modi told scientists while stressing that their work should be focused on the 'Five-Es ' of economy , environment , energy , empathy and equity .
Modi asked scientists from India and overseas at the five- day Mega science event to bridge the gap between traditional knowledge and modern science so that localised and more sustainable solutions to the challenges could be found .
Modi said good governance was not just about policy and decision making , transparency and accountability but also about integrating science and technology into the choices to be made and the strategies to be pursued .
Responding to a number of suggestions with regard to digitalisation received throughout the day on a specially-created platform on social media , Modi said , we are doing everything possible to make enterprise and innovation easier .
Modi said reforming the citizen-government interface and the processes of governance , innovation and keeping pace with the latest technology were challenges before the government .
Prominent sectors like engineering , automotive , healthcare , pharmaceuticals , retail , Shipping/Marine are showing increased recruitment activity , Modi said .
Addressing the India-Japan business leaders forum here with Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe , who arrived here on Friday on a three-day official visit , Modi said India is a land of possibilities with excellent human resources and a technological base .
Modi said he feels proud to hear that there is make in India movement going on in Japan also .
Addressing a meeting last year , Prime Minister Modi asked the Drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development .
We also discussed how to align our defence relations to India 's own priorities , including make in India , Modi said .
Advocating reforms in bureaucracy , Modi said there is a need to give impetus to reforms and technology as the day is not far when the world will look at M-Governance or mobile governance .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Renewing government 's commitment to creating favourable conditions for business and industry , Modi said : never before is India so well prepared to absorb talent , technology and investment from outside .
At the summit attended by the who 's is who of the India Inc , particularly the it sector , Modi also said India is committed to protecting intellectual property rights of all innovators and entrepreneurs .
India , Modi said , also wants to see a genuine global public partnership that makes clean energy affordable and provides finance and technology to developing countries to access it .
Prime Minister Modi announced several Indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .
This is where make in India starts , Modi had said recently at the RBIs 80th anniversary celebrations .
Modi said for economic progress , there is the private and public sector , but the third and crucial one that I am attaching importance to is personal sector , where every person becomes an entrepreneur .
From students to entrepreneurs , we have allowed self-certification of documents and processes , Modi said .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Modi also asked banks to become socially more responsible and provide support to 'Swachhata ' entrepreneurs or those setting up cleanliness and waste management Ventures .
Kolkata , Apr 1 , 2O17 ( PTI ) 23:37 Istprime minister Modi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions .
Modi asked them to persevere and never give up on their ideas as he noted that many entrepreneurs were rejected before they went on to found billion dollar firms .
Modi said he strongly believed that technology can and must bridge the divide between the government and the citizens .
Modi said that at a time when major powers are reducing their troop strength and relying more on technology , India is still constantly seeking to expand the size of its forces .
Addressing the Sri Lankan parliament , Modi said : my vision of an ideal neighbourhood is one in which trade , investment and technology flow easily across the border , where partnerships are formed with ease of routine .
Prime Minister Modi and his Sri Lankan counterpart Ranil Wickremesinghe , after their delegation level and restricted format talks , said the countries were determined to take the relationship to the next level as the two sides signed four agreements to deepen cooperation in health care and space science .
Modi said he assured Wickremesinghe of India 's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure , railways , energy , community development projects , agriculture , capacity building , science and technology , space and civil nuclear field .
Referring to smart city , Modi said , for the first time in India , a challenge was being floated , in which the citizens of urban India could contribute in the formulation of development visions of their cities .
At the launch of Mudra Yojana , Modi had said that his government 's aim is to provide financial assistance to the unfunded small entrepreneurs who provide employment to a large number of people .
Modi told the visiting leaders that India would work together with the Pacific island countries towards adaptation of technologies to combat the effects of climate change .
Modi said his government was committed to empowering women and spelled out a slew of schemes and measures , which are being undertaken towards it like granting 70 per cent of the RS 3 trillion Mudra loans to women entrepreneurs .
New Delhi , DEC 12 , 2015 ( PTI ) 12:46 Istprime minister Modi today said the 'Make in India ' initiative has become a movement in Japan and the island nation has created a fund of about USD 12 billion for it .
Modi said there is a need to move forward , taking advantage of the strength of human resources and technological base .
We have started the 'Make in India ' initiative and we want everyone to come and look at the opportunities that India has to offer , Modi said .
Asia 's richest man for industrial parks in Indianew Delhi : June 11 , 2015 , Dhns 0:10 Istkeen to ensure that his Make-In-India campaign delivers , Prime Minister Modi has asked Wang Jianlin the richest man of Asia to expeditiously implement his Dalian Wanda groups Mega-Investment plans in India and launch the first project by 2017 .
Expressing happiness over the broad range of outcomes , Modi said , we can look forward with confidence to increased investment , trade and technology partnerships in manufacturing , infrastructure and skill development .
I am pleased that six years after we signed our bilateral agreement , we are moving towards commercial cooperation , consistent with our law , our international legal obligations , and technical and commercial viability , Modi announced after a meeting with Obama , who commenced his three-day visit to New Delhi on Sunday .
Modi had said the police should be smart ( sensitive and smart , modern with mobility , alert and accountable , reliable and responsive and trained and tech-savvy ) .
Modi had said the police should be smart ( sensitive and smart , modern with mobility , alert and accountable , reliable and responsive and trained and tech-savvy ) .
These women are the real entrepreneurs , who own 10 , 20 to 25 cows , Modi said .
In his address at the inaugural session of the third India-Africa forum Summit ( Iafs ) , Modi said the world was undergoing political , economic , technological and security transition on a scale and speed rarely seen in recent history and yet the global institutions reflected the circumstances of the century that we left behind .
On defence cooperation , Modi said a broad range of new defence projects were discussed that covered how to align our defence relations to India 's own priorities , including make in India .
We will make available our space assets and technology , Modi said while also promising to work to reduce digital divide within Africa and between Africa and the rest of the world .
Referring to his government 's ambitious make in India initiative , Modi said 37 of the Indian warships participating the fleet review were made in India and their numbers will surely rise .
Modi said this time , the scheme has got wide acceptability because it has been made quite extensive and easy and involves use of technology .
One of the key objectives should be to work towards technology penetration for instance , electricity and mobile phone reach in the tribal areas , Modi said .
Modi asks India to 'Start up , stand Up'New Delhi , Aug 16 , 2015 , Dhns 2:31 Istprime minister Modi on Saturday devoted his second Independence Day speech to counter the Pro-Corporate charges levelled against his government by highlighting the measures taken for the welfare of the poor while exhorting entrepreneurs to start up and stand up .
If the focus was on make in India last year , Modi on Saturday said the government would encourage young entrepreneurs to create a network of start-up companies covering every district of the country .
Babasaheb rightly said that industrialisation will give maximum benefit to our Dalit sisters and brothers , Modi said encouraging young entrepreneurs .
Pm vows to deliver open , accountable Administrationnew Delhi , DEC 25 , 2014 , ( PTI ) 10:55 Iston 'Good governance day , Prime Minister Modi today said efforts are being made for re-engineering of government processes as part of the promise to provide an open and accountable administration .
New Delhi , Dhns : 2:25 Istprime minister Modi on Saturday said his forthcoming visits to France , Germany and Canada next month were primarily aimed at promoting the Make-In-India initiative , seeking investment and creating job opportunities for youths .
2 billion connected Indians drive innovation ; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible , Modi said .
Recently , the government had increased FDI in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister Modi had said that MNCs could go in for majority ownership , provided they transfer the technology .
Referring to space technology , Modi said India 's gift of a dedicated satellite for the Saarc region has been planned for launch in 2016 .
The statement said the two prime ministers welcomed the agreement reached between the two governments for cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy and confirmed that this agreement will be signed after the technical details are finalised including those relating to necessary internal Proceduresafter the talks , Modi also announced that recognising our special relationship , India will extend 'Visa on arrival ' to all Japanese citizens from 1st March 2016 .
New Delhi , July 26 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:41 Istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in India , Prime Minister Modi on Sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims .
Modi said they should also encourage at least one woman entrepreneur .
Society is becoming technology driven and it is essential to look towards affordable technology , Modi said addressing 'Visitors ' conference at Rashtrapati Bhavan .
Modi said there could not have been a century where technology played an important role as much as it does now .
We are grateful that we have billions of minds but as long as we do not give a proper environment , develop a mechanism , mobilise resources , then these minds will be useless and therefore , there is one way to make realise our dreams and that is only through innovation , Modi said .
For India it has become mandatory for future generations to bring forth innovation which are cheap , good and also easily adaptable by common people and if we are able to do this , billions of people will be able to adopt it , Modi said .
New Delhi , Nov 2 , 2016 , PTI : 21:43 Istprime minister Modi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it .
When a student asked how the governments digital India programme would succeed when several parts of the country were facing shortage in electricity , Modi said it was a dream to see 24X7 power supply across the country by 2022 .
Addressing the 18th National Conference on e-governance through Twitter , Modi said : I urge you to explore ways to provide as many services as possible through mobiles .
On France , where he goes on the first leg , Modi said that he would seek greater French involvement in our make in India programme , including in the defence manufacturing sector .
Modi said scientific research would be made easier and science administration will be improved in the country .
The decision to become a smart city will be taken by the citizens themselves , by the municipalities , Modi said launching the three missions on smart cities , the Atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation and housing for all .
Modi , who flew to Kazakhstan 's capital from Uzbekistan earlier in the day , said the confluence of Indian and Islamic civilisations took place in Central Asia and enriched each other not only in spiritual thought but also in medicine , science , mathematics and astronomy .
Talking about one of the governments pet Projects- the make in India initiative , Modi said that the RBI can help in that project as well by concentrating on printing our currency locally .
Promoting the make in India idea , Modi said that the union government would emphasise on indigenous manufacturing defence equipment .
Addressing the 18th National Conference on e-governance taking place at Gandhinagar through his Twitter handle , Modi said : I urge you to explore ways to provide as many services as possible through mobiles .
Modi said e-governance is an essential part of his digital India project .
Modi said around four lakh Bihari students were studying in engineering colleges in other states resulting in a loss of about RS 4000 crore to Bihar every year .
Modi said President Karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture , information technology and energy .
Last year , Prime Minister Modi had said that in ancient times , India had opened new frontiers in the field of science .
Our agreement on cooperation in ocean economy is an important step in deepening our scientific and economic partnership , Modi said .
Partner with India , Modi urges foreign defence Firmsbengaluru , Feb 18 , 2015 ( Ians ) : 19:28 Istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment , foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as India wants their technology , skills , systems integration and manufacturing strength , Prime Minister Modi said here Wednesday .
From sellers , foreign firms must turn into strategic partners and use India as part of their global supply chain , Modi said at the inaugural ceremony of the Aero India trade Expo in this tech hub .
From sellers , foreign firms must turn into strategic partners and use India as part of their global supply chain , Modi said at the inaugural ceremony of the Aero India trade Expo in this tech hub .
Noting that defence budgets the world over were shrinking , Modi said in his brief address to the gathering , which included defence ministers and air chiefs of a dozen countries from the world over , adding that the country 's frugal manufacturing and engineering services sector could help foreign firms reduce costs .
Terming the 10th edition of the biennial air show as the largest ever , reflecting the country 's new confidence level and global interest in India , Modi said the trade Expo was a Mega-Meeting of the global supply chains , with the most advanced technology and equipment .
We also want to increase cooperation in science and technology , mining among other sectors , Modi said in a statement issued shortly before his departure from New Delhi .
When we speak of digital India , we would like to see a digital armed force , Modi told the audience that included the top brass of the army , Air Force and Navy .
The satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire ( South Asia ) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping , tele-medicine , information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday in his Mann Ki Baat radio programme .
Pm Modi inaugurates 103rd Indian science Congress in Mysurumysuru , Jan 3 , 2016 , ( Ians/Agencies ) : 12:01 Istprime minister Modi on Sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making , it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue .
It 's a great pleasure to begin this year in company of leaders of science from India and the world , Modi said addressing a huge gathering of about 15,000 scientists .
Emphasising that the centre wanted to empower the states with finances , technology and knowledge so that they are able to plan better and execute even better , Modi said the cabinet resolution setting up Niti Aayog provides for appointment of regional councils with specific mandates for specific time periods .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Our clean Ganga , renewable energy , digital India , smart cities , housing for all and skill India missions are preparing us for a cleaner , more prosperous , faster growing and new India , Modi told the audience comprising delegates from 80 African countries .
Rs 1 lakh crore disbursed under Mudra Yojana : Modiparadip ( Odisha ) , Feb 7 , 2016 , PTI : 15:43 Istloans worth about RS 1 lakh crore have been sanctioned to small entrepreneurs under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana , Prime Minister Modi said today , emphasising that the government wants youth to be job creators and not job seekers .
The campaign 'Gram Uday se Bharat Uday Abhiyan ' ( village self governance campaign ) has been inspired by Amdedkar , who was farsighted and a Votary of social harmony and modern technology , Modi said .
President park and I see vast opportunities for Korean companies to participate in our 'Make in India ' mission , Modi said and invited Korean investments in areas like ship building , including LNG tankers , besides defence equipment .
I am pleased that six years after we signed our bilateral agreement , we are moving towards commercial cooperation , consistent with our law , our international legal obligations , and technical and commercial viability , Modi said .
Modi said the two countries will deepen their bilateral security cooperation against terrorist groups and further enhance counter-terrorism capabilities including in the area of technology .
This can be a big contribution to humankind , Modi said while addressing the 42nd annual convocation of the all India Institute of medical sciences ( Aiims ) here .
Addressing the convention organised by the Bharatiya Janata party at the Angadi Institute of technology and management , Modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover .
That helped place India at the forefront of the world in many areas , Modi said in his inaugural address at the 102Nd session of the Indian science Congress .
Modi said the poorest should also have access to science and technology .
Modi also asked young entrepreneurs to suggest ways for minimising government interference in start-up businesses .
We have seen the governments do a lot for the past 70 years and we have also seen where we have reached , today I want you to tell me , what we ( government ) should not do , so that you ( entrepreneurs ) can move freely and reach a new height , Modi said from a podium which read we Unobstacle .
Delivering the presidential address at the 103rd Indian science Congress in Mysuru on Sunday , Modi said that attempts should be made to integrate traditional techniques with the attempts to increase farm yield .
Hence , we must maximise the use of local material with scientific improvements and make buildings energy efficient , Modi said , adding that scientists should help make cities immune to the consequences of natural disasters and homes more resilient .
Find solutions to climate change , energy crisis : PM to Studentsvaranasi , Feb 22 , 2016 ( PTI ) 16:46 Istciting global problems of climate change , energy crisis and deadly diseases , Prime Minister Modi today asked the Indian students to take up the challenge of finding solutions to these through innovation and research instead of merely doing Cut-Paste work .
Come up with innovations that may help the world in bringing down temperatures a bit , help the humanity overcome the grave energy crisis it is likely to face if renewable and sustainable alternative sources are not found , Modi told the gathering of Bhu scholars and academics .
Today , we misuse technology and kill girls in the womb of the mother , Modi said , adding that the damage being done through generations would take another two to three generations to be rectified .
Prime Minister Modi said Indian companies have made investments in Russian oil and gas sector and Russian firms have investments in energy , defence and technology transfer to India .
Though Modi in an interaction with the chief secretaries had said gem could provide efficiency , savings and transparency in government procurement , it minister and Info-Tech Corp chairman Rohan Khaunte said the new arrangement was done to put systems in place to bring accountability .
Though Modi in an interaction with the chief secretaries had said gem could provide efficiency , savings and transparency in government procurement , it minister and Info-Tech Corp chairman Rohan Khaunte said the new arrangement was done to put systems in place to bring accountability .
Addressing a huge gathering , Modi said , all of you who have gathered here today are power houses of knowledge , innovation and enterprise .
In a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear Grylls , PM Modi said .
It is CMS political innovation , Modi said , asking if the Congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against BJP .
Modi asked the students on the usefulness of the Atal innovation mission .
Addressing the Dexschool students at the graduation ceremony on Tuesday , Modi said , we need good leaders in science and technology , education , medicine and other fields .
Modi said the armed forces are being rapidly Modernised , and efforts are being made to increase the participation of the private sector for make in India in the defence sector .
Technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives , Modi said .
Modi said India takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications , including land restoration and it would be happy to help other friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology .
South Korea is an important partner for our 'Make in India ' initiative as well as in our 'Start up India ' and 'Clean India ' initiatives , Modi said .
From India , an 83-Member delegation comprising 60 students , 20 mentors and three officials of the AICTE visited Singapore for the event which Modi said is a boost to technology , innovation and youth power .
From solar infra to social infra , from technical infra to space infra and from digital infra to defence infra , the India-France alliance is moving forward strongly , Modi said .
Talking about social media , Prime Minister Modi said , the example of breaking , addition , and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media .
Fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations , Modi said .
Commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups , Modi said the government has created a RS 10,000 crore fund of funds .
Modi said he wanted to make the point while speaking to fellow legislators even as he reiterated the need to focus on technology to reach out to the public as he asked MPs to develop at least 3 lakh followers in their constituency .
New Delhi : prime minister Modi on Wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country , adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities .
Commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups , Modi said the government has created a RS 10,000 crore fund of funds .
Party leaders should try for instant sharing of information with people by using technology , Modi said at the three-hour meeting , the first such gathering at the new party office , ministers gave presentations on the development projects including the focus on 115 least developed districts of the country .
Varanasi/New Delhi : in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition , Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train , Vande Bharat Express , and the governments make in India programme .
Without taking any name , Modi said , when our engineers are converting a diesel locomotive into an electric engine and rolling out Semi-High speed train , some people are insulting our best scientific brains .
Modi said the association wanted the software currently being used to operate the Annapurna Yojana at fair price shops to be replaced as it has many technical glitches .
The software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and Aadhaar card details of beneficiaries , forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain , Modi said .
Appreciating the fintech festival as a celebration of belief , Modi said , there is explosion of fintech innovation and enterprise in India and it can be used to make world a better place .
Every belief professes humanitarian values , Modi said , adding that he envisages a future where Muslim youth are taught the humanitarian message of Islam along with modern scientific and technological developments .
Modi answered questions posed by reporters in Hindi he ( PM Modi ) actually speaks very good English , he just does n't want to talk , Trump joked when Prime Minister Modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy .
On the industrial front , Prime Minister Modi announced 'Make in India ' , 'Startup India ' , 'Digital India ' and many more things .
Prime Minister Modi and Chinese president Xi Jinping looking on along the East lake , in Wuhan ( AFP photo ) the smile diplomacy can be successful , but only within certain limits , said June Teufel Dreyer , a University of Miami political science professor and author of Middle Kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on China-Japan ties .
He has been trying to get children inspired to conduct scientific experiments using waste ; towards this end he has been encouraging children by showing them films made in 18 languages in 3,000 schools across the country , Modi said .
* PM Modi in his departure statement said that the Osaka summit will witness India addressing issues like women empowerment , artificial intelligence and common efforts to address terrorism as its top agenda .
Speaking about 'Make in India ' initiative , Modi said the initiative has emerged as global brand .
Modi said there is no failure in science but only experiments and efforts , and efforts show new paths .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Terming Prayagraj as the land of tap , Tapasya , and Sanskar , PM Modi said that this Kumbh would see a blend of devotion and technology .
This the era of artificial intelligence Andcannot lag behind , Modi said as he appreciated Yuva Morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation .
Modi said , the teacher of knowledge is science .
The success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern India and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality , said Modi .
Noting the gigantic task where over 2/3Rd of countries face impact of desertification globally , Modi announced to set up a centre of excellence at Dehradun to help developing countries in addressing land degradation issues and offered help to friendly nations for developing land degradation strategies through Indias cost effective satellite and space technology .
Inaugurating the administrative headquarters of the smart city , Auric hall , Modi said Aurangabad is not only becoming a new smart city but is also going to become a centre of the nation 's industrial activities , and once fully operational , it will create Lakhs of jobs .
Noting that India had carried out nuclear tests on Buddha Purnima on May 11 in 1998 , when BJP stalwart Atal Bihari Vajpayee was prime minister , Modi said youths need to imbibe Vajpayee 's mantra of 'Jai Vigyan ' ( hail science ) to make India modern and strong .
It is CMS political innovation , Modi said , asking if the Congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against BJP where there is Congress rule , all roads to development are blocked .
Modi also said that in India , the government is using technology for accountability and transparency .
Reviewing the shipping Ministrys performance , Modi said the Sagarmala project should lead to Port-Led development and become a major link for his make in India vision , which envisages a jump in Indias global trade .
15 ( PTI ) : prime minister Modi on Friday said his pet digital India initiative is a war against touts and middlemen , helping check Blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas .
We can easily fight for our rights through digital India , Modi said .
( PTI ) New Delhi : prime minister Modi said on Wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers , attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living .
Modi said the Mudra scheme of his government had given out crores of rupees in loans to support youths who wanted to be entrepreneurs .
The faster we bring in technology , the better it will be for productivity because the number of people is increasing but the land is shrinking , Modi said .
Modi said his government 's efforts were directed towards establishing a network of small scale industries in villages according to a make in India plan so that the youth did not have to migrate in search of a livelihood .
We have selected those who can ask pertinent questions related to national and state political issues , said former deputy chief minister Modi , recalling that even as a Pracharak of the RSS , Modi used to be tech-savvy .
We have selected those who can ask pertinent questions related to national and state political issues , said former deputy chief minister Modi , recalling that even as a Pracharak of the RSS , Modi used to be tech-savvy .
I also had a knack for acquiring the latest gadgets , but since then he ( Narendra Modi ) appears to have learnt much more than me on use of technology to reach out to the people , Bihars Modi said .
We must use technology as a means to development , not destruction , Modi said in his plenary address at the summit .
While discussing many new defence projects with Putin , Modi has asked for the alignment of India-Russia defence relations with India 's own priorities , including 'Make in India ' .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Friday announced that the Labour resource , and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment .
Kenya 's climate , Modi said during a lecture at the University of Nairobi during his visit , provides the right ecosystem for appropriate technology and Innovation-Led growth .
( PTI ) New Delhi , April 26 : prime minister Modi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time .
Modi has asked Niti Aayog to examine global standards of technology for infrastructure creation and their feasibility in India .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
Prahlad Modi , the younger brother of the prime minister , said the software was not working properly at several shops , forcing beneficiaries to return empty-handed .
17 ( PTI ) : prime minister Modi said on Wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new India .
17 ( PTI ) : prime minister Modi said on Wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new India .
India and Israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture , technology and security , Modi said at a joint media event with Netanyahu .
Prime Minister Modi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with India 's Eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth .
Prime Minister Modi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with India 's Eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth .
Modi , speaking in English and handling technical terminology with ease , said the nation could be proud of the space programme where we have pushed beyond mediocrity to excellence .
Women entrepreneurs can get loans of RS 10 lakh to RS 1 crore , Modi said .
Once I have the technical support , I will start widening my contact base in the virtual world so that I can interact with people on different issues and exchange ideas , Modi said .
Picture by Nagendra Kumar Singhpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers , artisans and entrepreneurs to North-eastern States for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries .
This the era of artificial intelligence and India can not lag behind , Modi said as he appreciated Yuva Morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation .
Our defence mechanisms would be the best in the world , Modi said , referring to delays in procurement and complaints that the armed forces were using outdated technology .
Twitterdescribing the monument as a symbol of the countrys engineering and technical capabilities , Modi said it will remind those who question Indias existence that this nation was , is and will remain eternal .
Narendra Modi asked the commanders to upgrade the technological capabilities of soldiers at all levels .
Modi said the centre had asked state governments to procure at least 4 per cent items produced by Dalit entrepreneurs .
Two years ago , India made a promise - a promise to extend advanced space technology for the cause of growth and prosperity of our brothers and sisters in South Asia , Modi told the leaders of the other participating nations in a televised video-conference , also attended from Sriharikota by scientists from the Indian space research organisation ( ISRO ) .
I am convinced that when we join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge , technology and growth , we can speed up our development and prosperity , Modi said today .
In his address at 'Future India : science and technology at the science Congress ' , Modi said , today 's new slogan is Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan , Jai Vigyan and Jai Anusandhan .
Modi said , the life and works of Indian scientists are a compelling testament of integration of deep fundamental insights with technology development and nation-building .
Addressing a rally in Kozhikode yesterday , Modi asked Pakistan 's people to question leaders of their country as to why India exports software and Pakistan exports terrorism despite getting independence together .
He also said that after Prime Minister Modi announced the make in India campaign , there is healthy competition among states , which is a good sign .
Modi , while addressing investors at the vibrant Gujarat summit here , also said that 'Make in India ' initiative has become the biggest brand that the country has ever had .
Modi said he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment , science and technology , clean energy and smart cities .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Ludhiana : prime minister Modi , who today launched a hub to provide professional support to entrepreneurs from the schedule caste , schedule tribe community in Ludhiana , said the Msme sector is crucial for the countrys progress .
They have agreed to set up an India-Uk urban partnership and there are opportunities for both the countries to collaborate in the digital India and expand information convergence and people centric E-Governancenew Delhi : prime minister Modi on Monday said India and the UK can leverage technological prowess to create new opportunities , while seeking the UK businesses to invest in defence , manufacturing and aerospace sectors in India .
Referring to the Newton-Bhabha programme of scientific collaboration between the UK and India , Modi said , science is universal , but technology has to be local .
Addressing a gathering after inaugurating the 1,500-Bed Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of medical science and research , Modi said as many as seven lakh poor people have benefited from the centre 's Pradhan Mantri Ayushman Bharat scheme in just 100 days .
Speaking about 'Make in India ' initiative , Modi said the initiative has emerged as a global brand .
At a colourful ceremony , which included a presentation of India 's indigenous martial art forms , dances and sports , Modi said technology has contributed to a sedentary lifestyle .
Narendra Modi ( @ Narendramodi ) October 17 , 2016He said he spoke to union health minister J.P. Nadda and asked him to facilitate transfer of all the injured to all India Institute of medical sciences in Bhubaneswar .
Fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations , Modi said .
Speaking at the world 's largest event on financial technology , Modi said technology has transformed governance and delivery of public services in India and unleashed innovation , hope and opportunities .
Technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives , Modi said as he began his two-day visit to the country .
Modi said the digital technology was introducing transparency and eliminating corruption through innovations such as the government E-Marketor gem .
Modi also said 40 new all India Institute of medical sciences were being set up with focus on oncology and its various aspects .
Also read | India , Bahrain sign agreements in space technology , culture Exchangenoting that 'Chandrayaan-2 ' would land on the surface of moon on September 7 , Modi said the entire world was today discussing India 's space missions .
Raining his guns on Singh , Modi said that if the former prime minister was talking about the country where 50 per cent of the population was poor and that it wont be easy to integrate technology easily across the board , was it a reflection of his governments performance or mine ?
By Ptilondon : prime minister Modi today announced doubling of India 's contribution to the commonwealth fund for technical cooperation and stressed the need to focus on providing developmental assistance to small island states , the external affairs ministry said today .
Expressing solidarity with the scientific community , Prime Minister Modi said India is proud of our scientists , and asked them to be courageous .
The people of Pakistan should ask their leaders that India and Pakistan got freedom in the same year , but India exports software and your ( Pakistan ) leaders are exporting terrorists , said prime minister Modi , while addressing a public rally in Kozhikode .
New Delhi : advocating for cashless transactions , the prime minister Modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
25 crore were first-time entrepreneurs , Modi said .
We have changed the work culture , Modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency .
The technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years , Modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era .
Prime Minister Modi who inaugurated the Defexpo on Thursday said that new and emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and robotics are most important determinants of defensive Andoffensive capabilities and India , with its leadership in information technology domain , would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage .
Japan is also at the forefront of engaging in our national initiatives , such as 'Make in India ' , 'Skill India ' , 'Digital India ' , 'Start-Up India ' Japanese investors have faith in India 's economic future , which is marked with myriad opportunities , Modi said .
Highlighting the efforts being made towards combating land degradation and climate change , Modi said India takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications , including land restoration and it will be happy to help friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology .
After inaugurating the bridge , Modi said the facility was a marvel of engineering and technology , and would be of immense strategic significance .
In an interview with Russia 's state-run Tass news agency ahead of his visit , Modi said he shared a special chemistry with the Russian president and is keen on technology transfers so that the two sides can make military equipment in India at cheaper rates for export to third countries .
He ( PM Modi ) actually speaks very good English , he just does n't want to talk , Trump joked when Prime Minister Modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy .
Modi also announced a grant of USD 5 million for the establishment of a software park in the telecommunications University in Nha Trang .
The five is are inclusiveness , Indigenisation , innovation , investment in infrastructure and international Cooperationindian Navy cover for oil Tankerson Iran , Modi told Trump India has deployed its Navy to protect Indian flagged vessels passing through the Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz .
There are times when a problem portrays the importance of science for finding a solution , Modi said referring to the 2005 Mumbai floods which led to development of a dwelling structure that saves its occupants and prevents Water-Logging .
Argentina , Modi said , has strongly backed India 's entry into the nuclear suppliers group , the missile technology control regime ( Mtcr ) , Australia group , and Wassenaar arrangement .
Speaking about 'Make in India ' initiative , Modi said the initiative has emerged as global brand .
In a bid to promote digital transactions , Modi said , for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction , tax will be calculated at 6 per cent , not 8 .
We count on the BRICs business council to work with us to achieve our common aim of strengthening mutual trade , enhancing business opportunities , building investments linkages , promoting innovation and removing bottlenecks to Intra-Brics commerce , Modi said at a meeting of the leaders with the BRICs business Council .
Modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind , the country 's law universities should develop such kind of talents .
Prime Minister Lofven had participated in our 'Make in India ' programme in 2016 along with a big business delegation , Modi said .
Fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations , Modi said .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Modi said the armed forces are being rapidly Modernised , and efforts are being made to increase the participation of the private sector for make in India in the defence sector .
Trade , commerce , innovation and engineering are of immense importance in this era , Modi said , adding companies from Russia should explore the opportunities in India and collaborate with the industry .
Addressing a gathering after inaugurating the 1500 bed Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of medical science and research , Modi said the economic reservation has been given without impacting the existing social reservations .
It 's a matter of great happiness for me that today , you are working in an even larger number in India , Modi said while addressing 'Make in India : India-Japan partnership in Africa and digital partnership ' seminar in Tokyo on Monday .
Modi said India is committed to accelerate the development of Bhutan using space technology .
Modi said the collaboration and relationship between royal Bhutan University and IITs of India and some other top educational institutions are in line with today 's requirements for education and technology .
Modi also announced a grant of $ 5 million for the establishment of a software park in the telecommunications University in Nha Trang .
Kanpur : Lucknow : announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi said that all those using e-payments since November 8 , especially the small spenders , will be offered an incentive of RS 1000 .
Reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy , Modi said once black money is eliminated from the system , it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated .
In a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear Grylls , Modi said .
Technology and human interface are both important for the police force to keep progressing , Modi said speaking at the annual conference of Dgps/Igps held at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy ( SVP NPA ) here on Saturday .
Taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions , Modi said that while on one hand they claimed that Rajiv brought about the telecom revolution , on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions .
Modi told the gathering of business leaders that through the 'Make in India ' initiative , his government is committed to transforming the country as a major player in the global value chain .
New Delhi : advocating cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
New Delhi : while maintaining that technology has a major role to bring in transparency to curb corruption , the prime minister Modi said that if we use technology for the purpose of governance , we would be able to provide basic necessities to common man efficiently .
Modi said technology from mobile to missiles can be controlled from space and added that protecting the space was very important which the NDA government at the centre had done during its tenure .
Modi said India wanted to build cooperation in new areas with Bangladesh especially in some high-technology sectors which would include working in the fields of electronics , it , cyber security , space explorations and civil nuclear energy .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Also read | decoding mission Shakti : a peek into the technology that made India a space Powerprime minister Modi had on Wednesday announced that India successfully test-fired an Anti-Satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite , describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers .
In his monthly 'Mann Ki Baat ' address , Modi said the way scientists rectified technical issues , which caused ISRO to defer its launch by a few days , is exemplary and unparalleled .
From India , an 83-Member delegation comprising 60 students , 20 mentors and three officials of the AICTE visited Singapore for the event which Modi said is a boost to technology , innovation and youth power .
Prime Minister Modi says , if the world helps me with technology , helps me with resources I will be the very first person to switch over to clean energy completely .
Interacting with beneficiaries of the various digital India efforts , Modi said the initiative was launched with an objective of bringing benefits of technology to people , especially in rural areas .
Technology has helped book railway tickets and pay bills online , bringing great convenience , Modi said .
Addressing the village level entrepreneurs ( VLEs ) , who run these centres , via video conferencing , Modi said digital India was launched with an aim to connect India 's villages and youth .
Every aspect of digital empowerment has been worked on , from rolling out fibre optics in villages , to digital literacy , Modi said .
In the 26th edition of Mann Ki Baat programme , Prime Minister Modi said , I know cashless economy is different .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Modi said access in services is important for India during this review and the two sides need an agreement that reflects investment , technology and services and not just trade in goods .
The make in India Mittelstand ( Miim ) launched to encourage German small and medium industry ( SME ) to India has evoked major interest in Germany , giving further boost to bilateral business ties , Prime Minister Modi said on Tuesday .
During the 7-minute interaction , Modi asked her to explain how she helped people and how they are benefited under the digital India initiative .
This tunnel is not just the longest tunnel but a big leap for Jammu and Kashmir in terms of development , Modi said , describing the engineering feat as the States Fate-Line that will translate dreams into reality .
In his periodic review of infrastructure sector on Tuesday , Modi asked Niti Aayog to examine global standards in the application of technology for infrastructure creation , and their feasibility in India .
Noting the decline in coal imports in the last year , Modi asked for even more vigorous efforts towards coal import substitution , and application of new coal technologies including gasification technology .
The Nehru-Gandhi family is rattled seeing that this Chaiwala has completed five years with full strength , said PM Modi charging the Congress of relegating Sardar Patel to oblivion and engineering the downfall of the Morarji Desai government in 1970s .
The US is a vital partner for our national development , with rich possibilities of partnership in education , skills , research , technology and innovation , and an enabler for India in economic growth and national security , Modi said .
In a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear Grylls , Modi said .
11:10 am Ist hope Chandrayaan mission will inspire youth : PM Modi discussing Indias feat in space venture , Exhbited recently through Chandrayaan-2 mission , PM Modi said , I fervently hope that Chandrayaan-2 mission will inspire our youth towards science & innovation .
Talking about the central governments Mudra scheme , skill India and startup India funds , Modi said that there are sufficient platforms to help young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
12:40 PM Ist visit opens new pathways of cooperation tweeting about his meeting with President Putin , PM Modi said , during our visit , President Putin showed me cutting edge technologies at the shipyard .
Coming back to Demonetisation , Modi said that cashless would take India step-by-step , slowly in the direction of a clean economy .
About 40 mobile phone making plants have started since Modi announced make in India in September 2014 .
The central government is working to increase speed of trains and also striving to bring in global technology to make railways safer , as safety is of greatest concern , Modi said .
Under the make in India programme , the country is building military hardware , and regulations have been changed to encourage the private sector to manufacture weapons systems , Modi said .
We have set a goal to create ecosystem for 50K startups in the next 5 year , says PM Modi .
We have used technology in the working of the government , which has helped bring transparency , Modi says .
Stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court , saving time and money .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Watch| PM Modi on I-Day : one nation , one constitution dream has been Achievedurging citizens too , to pitch in , Modi said it would be a good opportunity for the shop owners to advertise with their won cloth bags : shop owners and small entrepreneurs should start gifting their customers cloth bags with their branding and inculcate the good habit in the same stroke .
We have travelled from zero to Mars , we have travelled from Upanishad to Upagrah , Modi said in his address to thousands of innovators and engineers at Indias biggest innovation fest named smart India Hackathon .
Months before prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Aug 15 , 2015 : Modi said India must be number 1 in startups , coining the slogan start-up India and stand up India .
Also read : Exclusive| we are deciding direction India takes : PM Modicommenting on the recent UN listing of jems Masood Azhar as a global terrorist after China withdrew its technical hold on such a listing , Modi said everyone was wrongly describing this as a China-related issue when , in reality , it is about global terror .
We have changed the work culture , Modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency .
The technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years , Modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era .
Highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology , Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric .
As far as the gems and jewellery sector is concerned our aim should not only be make in India but also design in India , Modi said at a public function at Surat , the diamond hub of the country .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person introduced to the Bhim app , one will get a Cashback of RS 10 .
Senior officials of water resources ministry in Delhi said there is no scientific evidence to prove that floods occurred in Bihar due to the Farakka dam , senior BJP leader Modi said in a statement .
I urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary , PM Modi said while speaking at the 150th year celebrations of the Allahabad high court .
Speaking at the youth convention on innovation and technology , which marked the inauguration , Modi said , I had a dream and for that , I was looking for the right people .
Referring to his governments ambitious make in India initiative , Modi said 37 of the Indian warships participating the fleet review were made in India and their numbers will surely rise .
My meeting with PM David Cameron focused on defence cooperation , make in India and other key issues , Modi said in a tweet before he left for Saudi Arabia after two days of engagement with world leaders during the NSS here .
B'Commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups , Modi said the government has created a RS 10,000 crore fund .
( file ) commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups , Modi said the government has created a RS 10,000 crore fund .
( file ) prime minister Modi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country , adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities .
Commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups , Modi said the government has created a RS 10,000 crore fund of funds .
Technology has impacted the print , electronic and social media immensely , Modi said .
New agreements in the field of taxation , science , space , youth affairs and sports outline expanding scope of our partnership , PM Modi said .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person you introduce to the Bhim app , you will get a cash back of RS 10 .
As part of his plans for Indias resurgence , Modi said removal of corruption and good governance were his mantras that could turn the nation around and said technology can help eradicate corruption .
56 PM : calling for a strong India-France relations , PM Modi said , be it trade and technology , innovation and investment , energy , education and enterprise , we want to give a boost to India-France ties .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Modi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
Modi also said the technology should instil fear among the criminals .
Asserting that India has distinguished itself in the global start-up eco-system , PM Modi said , startups are no longer only in big cities .
Pm Modi said , we in the government understand that youngsters may face shortage of funds for their startups .
Modi said the two countries will be opening new avenues for cooperation , including in the energy sector , telecommunications and science and technology .
Modi said that is the reason why this smart city concept was evolved through public participation and stressed that if people are empowered and involved in participatory development the country would develop faster .
The students who had done two years of ITI after 10th standard would get admission in diploma engineering colleges and graduation colleges , Modi announced .
The Congress , during 40 years rule in Gujarat , did not open a single school with science stream in the tribal areas , Modi said , adding that the BJP government had started science stream higher secondary schools in these areas to enable tribal youths become doctors and engineers .
To another Tweet , PM Modi said , through science , we can transform the lives of the poor and marginalised .
Pm Modi said that both countries decided to collaborate on defence production and transfer of technology .
Committed to facilitate Bhutans development through the use of space technology , Modi said India will enhance the communication , public broadcasting and disaster management coverage in Bhutan .
Modi also said the collaboration and relationship between royal Bhutan University and IITs of India and some other top educational institutions are in line with todays requirements for education and technology .
2 1/2 yrs back , Prime Minister Modi asked everything to join Swacch Bharat , the drama continued for a few days ; then make in India , skill India .
Addressing more than 10,000 engineering students in 26 districts through video conferencing , Modi said : India is a youthful nation , and the youth of India is blessed with phenomenal energy .
Referring to two young entrepreneurs working in Sikkim on an agriculture start-up , PM Modi said , it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up India campaign .
Modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers made arguments in court with sharpness that would help judges in taking decisions faster .
Highlighting how modern warfare had become technology-driven and India could not have a fragmented approach on defence , Modi said , today we have decided that we will now have a chief of defence staff , CDs , and after formation of this post , all the three forces will get effective leadership at the top level .
Modi said this time , the scheme has got wide acceptability because it has been made quite extensive and easy and involves use of technology .
On Indo-German ties , Modi said India sees Germany as an important partner in the National flagship programmes of make in India , skill India , start-up India , clean India and smart cities .
Pushing for digital economy , Modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the Bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy .
Modi said the people of Kerala are educated , experienced and simple , but they dont understand the perfect scientific arrangement of the Congress and CPM to loot the people .
Modi said , L & T also displayed social responsibility during the 2006 floods when its employees helped people in Surat with various technical equipment to remove debris and clear main roads .
This will be done through Jan Bhagidari : PM Modi10:12 PM : PM Modi asserts the true essence of democracy is Jan Bhagidari ( peoples participation ) 10:08 PM : insisting that we live in a technology driven era , PM Modi said there is a need to use technology more and innovate more .
Modi said he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment , science and technology , clean energy and smart cities .
Prime Minister Lofven had participated in our make in India programme in 2016 along with a big business delegation , PM Modi said while delivering the joint statement with his Swedish counterpart Stefan Lofven following bilateral talks in Stockholm this afternoon .
As a result , we have agreed on an innovation partnership and a joint action plan , said PM Modi .
( Reuters photo ) Modi said innovation , investment , start-ups , manufacturing etc .
Speaking at an anti-corruption meet organised by the central vigilance Commission , PM Modi said corruption is not something we can have in our system and technology has a major role to play in that .
During the address , PM Modi said that there is a need to use technology more and innovate more .
Chief minister Modi on Monday said that after establishing Vadodara as an engineering hub , his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering .
Modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers make sharp arguments in court that would help judges in taking decisions faster .
Modi said , we in India believe in both exploring the frontiers of science and technology , and researching the depths of our soul .
Modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind , the countrys law universities should develop such kind of talents .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
The idea is that India and Japan along with other willing partners work jointly in sectors like skill development , information technology , manufacturing , health and connectivity , Modi said .
Advertisingit started when Modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy and added that if anything important is there , they will be informed .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Modi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
Seeking deeper economic engagement , Modi said Indias capacities in trade , investments , information and communication technology , space , agriculture , health care , small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the SCO countries .
Pm Modi also asked students to embrace the challenge of accepting newer technologies and said that they must not lose morale after facing setbacks while innovating new things .
Describing the new age as era of Internet of things , PM Modi said that technologies and innovation can be used to power changes .
Modi said , you have rightly said that we , as responsible leaders , represent 40 per cent of the worlds population , and this is not just a meeting of two leaders , but I see it from the perspective of a historic and cultural legacy world is witness to this , and there has been in-depth study on this that in the last 2,000 years of history , India and China have given momentum or pace to world economy and our two countries contributed 50 per cent of the world economy rest of the world was restricted to the remaining 50 per cent so much impact and influence for 1600 years , its a big thing and it had an impact on social , religious , economic , cultural , scientific , in every sector , it had a positive impact .
Read : GST will reflect spirit of one nation , one aspiration : top 10 points from PM Modis Niti Aayog Meethere are the Highlights:6:22 PM : use of technologies such as Bhim , Aadhaar would result in significant savings for states , says PM Modi6:18 PM : States should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption , increase transparency in govt procurement : PM Modi6:10 PM : PM Modi asks States , local govts , NGOs to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them .
Our priority should be to make science and technology affordable to the masses with Zero-Effect and Zero-Defect , Modi said .
While addressing the press via video-conference , PM Modi said that he is convinced that when leaders join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge , technology and growth , development and prosperity can increase .
Digital India has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen , Modi said .
Stressing that digital India was about 4 es education , employment , entrepreneurship , and empowerment , Modi said from booking rail tickets to paying bills and availing government services digitally , people were being empowered .
Read | vibrant Gujarat global summit : global CEOs go gaga over PM Modis Policiesstating that India has improved its policies , practices and economic profile in the last two years , Modi said the country has improved its ranking in the world banks doing business report , and has moved up 16 ranks in the global innovation index 2016 .
Now , we will have to look for technological solutions , Modi said .
Now , we will have to look for technological solutions , Modi said .
Now , we will have to look for technological solutions , Modi said .
Also read | heres what Twitterati think what PM Modi should have spoken in his # Mannkibaatthe more our young generation works for research , innovation , inventing technology for solutions to our daily life problems and provide an easy relief from our problems , it will contribute immensely to making of the modern India of 21st century and that will be the real tribute to Abdul Kalam , Modi said .
Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Modi said Thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
Modi said his government has used modern technology in governance and implementation of policies .
Coining a new equation , Modi said Indian talent plus information technology is equal to India tomorrow .
We have changed the work culture , Modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency .
The technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years , Modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era .
Adding that the launch will give a boost to Indias lunar programme , Modi said , efforts such as # Chandrayaan2 will further encourage our bright youngsters towards science , top-quality research and innovation .
Modi said the smart city mission aims to integrate digital technology into rapidly Urbanising environment and there is already a high level of interest from the UK in projects in Pune , Amaravati and Indore .
I believe that India and the UK must continue to nurture and support an ecosystem of high quality fundamental research to pave the way for joint technology development that can address global challenges , Modi said .
Stating that Indias partnership with UK in industrial research has been one of the most exciting programmes , Modi said the global innovation & technology alliance or Gita platform of CII and Department of science and technology along with Innovate-Uk supports industry led R & D projects in affordable healthcare , clean technology , manufacturing and information and communications and technology ( ICT ) .
Modi said nuclear physicist Homi Bhabhas demise had created a vacuum in the world of Indian science .
Describing Sarabhai as a dedicated soldier of science , Modi said that he encouraged science as well as Indias culture and Sanskrit language .
Placing his faith in the space mission , PM Modi said it would encourage youth to look for a career in science resulting in the countrys progress .
Chief minister Modi today said it is high time that the police and various other security agencies develop modern and scientific methods to strengthen internal security with the help of skilled manpower .
B'Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Modi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
Coining a new equation , Modi said Indian talent plus information technology is equal to India tomorrow .
Citizens are Netizensthis is a wired Republic , Modi said , adding that technology can bring accountability , transparency and help in good governance .
Modi said his government has used modern technology in governance and implementation of policies .
( the Canadian press via AP ) prime minister Modi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism .
( AP photo ) prime minister Modi on Tuesday here asked the IITs , Iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in India campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment , but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years .
Interacting with over 2,500 students of engineering colleges and universities from all the Northeast at the IIT campus here , Prime Minister Modi also said that Indian youth had the potential of leading the world in cyber security .
Modi said for economic progress , there is the private and public sector , but the third and crucial one that I am attaching importance to is personal sector , where every person becomes an entrepreneur .
With the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory , a significant step had been taken in that direction , Modi said , addressing a gathering after the inauguration .
With the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory , a significant step had been taken in that direction , Modi said , addressing a gathering after the inauguration .
Calling on party workers to use technology to spread their message , PM Modi said that in current age of social media if they are not active , then they would cede the space to anti-national and anti-social elements .
We walk less now and the same technology tells us that we are not walking enough , Modi said at the event .
We want to build cooperation in new areas , especially some high-technology areas , that have a deeper connect with the youth in both our societies , Modi said .
Expressing the need to bridge the digital divide , PM Modi said , we are living in the era of technology .
Chhattisgarh was earlier known for forests and Tribals , now its known for smart city Naya Raipur , said Modi , adding that his government is working towards increasing income of Tribals and those living in backward areas .
Prime Minister Modi on Friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the Bjp-Led government , and asked party MPs to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people .
Modi said that he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Modi also said that Sweden has been a strong partner in Indias make in India mission .
Narendra Modi said the need of the hour was to adopt modern technology in increasing the land under cultivation to reverse the scenario of decline in Agri growth .
When Modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments Demonetisation move , Kumar took on the cudgels to make Palnar cashless .
Invoking former president Dr Apj Abdul Kalam , Modi said that the future is going to be technology driven and we needed to embrace it .
And I myself try my level best to update myself with technology and if you want any information in real time about India , me and the selfies that you took along with me today , and for all information , please download the Modi app , Modi said .
Modi said he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment , science and technology , clean energy and smart cities .
Reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy , Modi said , we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions .
Noting that India had carried out nuclear tests on Buddha Purnima on May 11 , 1998 , when BJP stalwart Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the prime minister , Modi said youths need to imbibe Vajpayees mantra of Jai Vigyan ( hail science ) to make India modern and strong .
Modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
With the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory , a significant step had been taken in that direction , Modi said .
With the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory , a significant step had been taken in that direction , Modi said .
Modi said that a technical report covering various aspects , including tsunami and earthquake impact on the dam , road and rail traffic , generation of solar and wind energy , has been submitted to the expert appraisal committee , constituted by the ministry of environment and forests in 2010 .
Noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship , Modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
Of the 11 major smart city projects , municipal commissioner Mukeshkumar said , three have already been implemented .
Municipal commissioner Mukeshkumar told mirror , the software has been developed and the data entry is largely completed .
Pti Photothe centre will upgrade one lakh madrassas in the country with state-of-art technology to provide better schooling to Muslim community , Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi has said .
Nada Deputed a team of officers today , the 16th July 2011 , from Delhi and Bhopal headed by Mr Manpal Singh and included two technical officers of nada and two lady doping control officers to conduct surprise check in Sai Bhopal , nada director general Nagar said in a statement .
I have travelled twice to get the admission done , said Nagar , whose son has secured a seat in mechanical engineering in one of the prestigious colleges in the city .
We may rather go for Endosulfan than making use of genetic engineering , said Dr Nagar , head , SCMS Institute of Bio-Technology , Kochi .
The aim of Swaccha Bharat is to make the country free of open defecation and implement scientific waste management by 2019 , said Naidu .
Factors like viability of implementation , city vision and strategy , economic and environmental impacts of the plan , cost effectiveness , innovation and scalability and the process followed for preparing the DPR , including consultation of the citizens , will be taken into account for preparing the final list of 20 cities , Union urban development minister Naidu told Deccan Herald .
Speaking to reporters at the Palam technical area from where the mortal remains of the former president was flown to his hometown Rameswaram by a special aircraft , Naidu said some chief ministers are also expected to attend the last rites .
Naidu said a consensus would be arrived at providing concessions from the state governments and the centre to private entrepreneurs to set up power plants to generate energy from waste .
Naidu said the sub-group has been studying various revenue models for operation and maintenance of community and public toilets and best practices in solid and liquid waste management technology .
Reminiscing his efforts to bring the e-governance in the United Andhra Pradesh , Naidu said that unless there was new thinking , planning and execution , there would not be any progress in any sector .
With the help of the advanced technologies , the government is conserving resources , Naidu said .
On the occasion , Union minister M Naidu said that the Demonetisation was also a part of the digital India .
As the chief guest at the Andhra University science college annual day celebrations here , Naidu asked the students to respond whether his decision was right .
Voicing concern over weak governance structures in most of the member countries of the region , Naidu said that over the last two years , the government has taken several initiatives to improve technical , planning and managerial capabilities of city governments in India .
Srikakulam : to avoid misuse of government schemes I use technology where every beneficiary would automatically be enrolled online , said chief minister Chandrababu Naidu .
Twitter.Com/9Mjnd9Ki4H Vicepresidentofindia ( @ Vpsecretariat ) August 21 , 2019I am glad to be visiting Estonia , a successful democracy , a member of the EU and a nation which has been recognised as a digital state , having great technological achievements to its credit , Naidu said in a joint press statement .
Asserting that every issue related to the construction of the project was being executed based on clearances given by technical committees , Polavaram project authority , central water commission and as per the designs prepared by engineers and experts , Naidu said that the so-called intellectuals should know all these issues .
New Delhi : Internet of things and new technologies are a deadly combination and will play an important role in the growth of his state , said N Naidu , chief minister , Andhra Pradesh .
Chief minister N Naidu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make Andhra Pradesh a crime free state in India through the usage of latest technology in forensic Labs .
We have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security , peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space , science and technology , oil and gas , renewable energy , infrastructure development , agriculture and innovation-based sectors , Naidu said .
Addressing a press conference in Amaravati , Naidu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister P Ashok Gajapati Raju and Y Satyanarayana Chowdary , minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences , to resign from the union cabinet .
Lucknow has been given RS 119 crore , while RS 107 crore each has been given to Agra , Kanpur and Varanasi , Naidu said , adding that RS 2 crore have been given to Meerut and RAE Bareli for sending a proposal under the smart city mission .
Expressing serious concern over reports of failure of Evms at several places across the state , Naidu said he had been saying right from the beginning that Evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches .
The work , which includes repair of water tank , toilets , upgrade of the diving platform and ticket counter , is expected to be completed within two-and-half months , informed s H Naregal , special officer , Hubballi-Dharwad smart city Ltd sources said that the facility will get an open gym , deck for meditation , childrens play area , litter bins , drinking water dispensers and rainwater harvesting pit .
The plan is yet to be approved by the state government but the money is already earmarked , said s H Naregal , special officer , Hubballi-Dharwad smart city limited ( Hdscl ) .
S H Naregal , special officer , Hubballi-Dharwad smart city Ltd , said they intend to modernize the gallery by completely renovating it and providing amenities that are needed by artists .
S H Naregal , special officer for Hubballi-Dharwad smart city limited , told toi that the tender process has been completed for developing mg park .
Cycle tracks would also be identified for this system , and making some congested roads near the market as Nmt zones would also help a lot , says Hubballi-Dharwad smart city limited ( Hdscl ) special officer s H Naregal .
( PTI ) New Delhi , April 26 : prime minister Narendramodi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time .
17 ( PTI ) : prime minister Narendramodi said on Wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new India .
17 ( PTI ) : prime minister Narendramodi said on Wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new India .
15 ( PTI ) : prime minister Narendramodi on Friday said his pet digital India initiative is a war against touts and middlemen , helping check Blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas .
( PTI ) New Delhi : prime minister Narendramodi said on Wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers , attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with India 's Eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with India 's Eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
Highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric .
The make in India Mittelstand ( Miim ) launched to encourage German small and medium industry ( SME ) to India has evoked major interest in Germany , giving further boost to bilateral business ties , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Tuesday .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
Months before prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court , saving time and money .
( the Canadian press via AP ) prime minister Narendramodi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Narendramodi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on Friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the Bjp-Led government , and asked party MPs to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people .
( AP photo ) prime minister Narendramodi on Tuesday here asked the IITs , Iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in India campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment , but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years .
Chief minister Narendramodi on Monday said that after establishing Vadodara as an engineering hub , his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering .
B'Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Narendramodi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
Chief minister Narendramodi today said it is high time that the police and various other security agencies develop modern and scientific methods to strengthen internal security with the help of skilled manpower .
Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Narendramodi said Thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
( file ) prime minister Narendramodi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country , adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities .
Govt depts should have space cell : Pmnew Delhi , SEP 08 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:43 Istevery government department will need to create a space cell to find the new and innovative ways of utilising the benefits of space technologies in policy planning and governance , Prime Minister Narendramodi said .
Addressing a meeting last year , Prime Minister Narendramodi asked the Drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development .
Rs 1 lakh crore disbursed under Mudra Yojana : Modiparadip ( Odisha ) , Feb 7 , 2016 , PTI : 15:43 Istloans worth about RS 1 lakh crore have been sanctioned to small entrepreneurs under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana , Prime Minister Narendramodi said today , emphasising that the government wants youth to be job creators and not job seekers .
Find solutions to climate change , energy crisis : PM to Studentsvaranasi , Feb 22 , 2016 ( PTI ) 16:46 Istciting global problems of climate change , energy crisis and deadly diseases , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked the Indian students to take up the challenge of finding solutions to these through innovation and research instead of merely doing Cut-Paste work .
Pm vows to deliver open , accountable Administrationnew Delhi , DEC 25 , 2014 , ( PTI ) 10:55 Iston 'Good governance day , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said efforts are being made for re-engineering of government processes as part of the promise to provide an open and accountable administration .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced several Indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .
New Delhi , Dhns : 2:25 Istprime minister Narendramodi on Saturday said his forthcoming visits to France , Germany and Canada next month were primarily aimed at promoting the Make-In-India initiative , seeking investment and creating job opportunities for youths .
Kolkata , Apr 1 , 2O17 ( PTI ) 23:37 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions .
The satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire ( South Asia ) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping , tele-medicine , information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Sunday in his Mann Ki Baat radio programme .
Pm Modi inaugurates 103rd Indian science Congress in Mysurumysuru , Jan 3 , 2016 , ( Ians/Agencies ) : 12:01 Istprime minister Narendramodi on Sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making , it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue .
Doing scientific research to be made easier : Pmmysuru , Jan 3 , 2016 ( PTI ) 16:10 Istdoing scientific research would be made easier and science administration , too , will be improved in the country , Prime Minister Narendramodi told scientists while stressing that their work should be focused on the 'Five-Es ' of economy , environment , energy , empathy and equity .
New Delhi , Nov 2 , 2016 , PTI : 21:43 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it .
Asia 's richest man for industrial parks in Indianew Delhi : June 11 , 2015 , Dhns 0:10 Istkeen to ensure that his Make-In-India campaign delivers , Prime Minister Narendramodi has asked Wang Jianlin the richest man of Asia to expeditiously implement his Dalian Wanda groups Mega-Investment plans in India and launch the first project by 2017 .
Partner with India , Modi urges foreign defence Firmsbengaluru , Feb 18 , 2015 ( Ians ) : 19:28 Istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment , foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as India wants their technology , skills , systems integration and manufacturing strength , Prime Minister Narendramodi said here Wednesday .
Recently , the government had increased FDI in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister Narendramodi had said that MNCs could go in for majority ownership , provided they transfer the technology .
Prime Minister Narendramodi and his Sri Lankan counterpart Ranil Wickremesinghe , after their delegation level and restricted format talks , said the countries were determined to take the relationship to the next level as the two sides signed four agreements to deepen cooperation in health care and space science .
New Delhi , DEC 12 , 2015 ( PTI ) 12:46 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said the 'Make in India ' initiative has become a movement in Japan and the island nation has created a fund of about USD 12 billion for it .
Last year , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said that in ancient times , India had opened new frontiers in the field of science .
New Delhi , July 26 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:41 Istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in India , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims .
Prime Minister Narendramodi and Chinese president Xi Jinping looking on along the East lake , in Wuhan ( AFP photo ) the smile diplomacy can be successful , but only within certain limits , said June Teufel Dreyer , a University of Miami political science professor and author of Middle Kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on China-Japan ties .
Varanasi/New Delhi : in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train , Vande Bharat Express , and the governments make in India programme .
New Delhi : prime minister Narendramodi on Wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country , adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities .
On the industrial front , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced 'Make in India ' , 'Startup India ' , 'Digital India ' and many more things .
Bhubaneswar : chief minister Naveenpatnaik today asked district collectors to act as agents of change for the betterment of public service delivery and governance by using '3Ts ' - teamwork , transparency and technology .
Encouraging team spirit , ensuring transparency and effectively using technology to provide last mile delivery of services to people shall be the focus of our administration , Naveenpatnaik said and added that he will review the performance of the collectors regarding improvement in public service delivery through the use of 3TS on a regular basis .
In fact , we are now the third largest contributor of rice to the public distribution system in India , Naveenpatnaik said , adding , efforts are on to augment the irrigation potential and use of technology .
In a letter , chief minister Naveenpatnaik said the Operationalisation of this project will contribute to the make in India and digital India initiatives by the union government , stating that in both these programmes , the information technology ( it ) , IT-enabled service ( Ites ) and the electronics system designing and manufacturing ( Esdm ) were the major thrust areas .
Odisha chief minister Naveenpatnaik on Sunday asked district collectors to act as agents of change to improve public service delivery and governance by using 3TS teamwork , transparency and technology .
The successful test of Babur-3 is a manifestation of Pakistans technological progress and self-reliance , Prime Minister Nawazsharif said in a statement .
New Delhi : commerce and industry minister Nirmalasitharaman said the union budget for 2017-18 provides renewed impetus to the governments make in India initiative , manufacturing , and export infrastructure .
Patna : India and China can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education , tourism , industry , agriculture and infrastructure technology , chief minister Nitishkumar on Thursday said while welcoming a 12-member Chinese delegation led by Communist Party of China secretary of Gansu province Lu Hao .
Still , we should protect at least 10 of the traditional system of learning like books and newspapers , Nitishkumar said after inaugurating the new campus of National Institute of electronics and information technology ( Nielit ) at Amhara near Bihta in Patna district .
Recalling his recent meeting with entrepreneurs and industrialists in Mumbai , Nitishkumar said he had assured them that Bihar would become self-reliant in energy by the time their firms become operational .
Chief minister Nitishkumar on Sunday announced to set up a commission for looking into the problems of entrepreneurs and traders in the state .
Shuchismita Chakrabortypatna : chief minister Nitishkumar on Monday said the Indira Gandhi Institute of medical sciences ( Igims ) requires nothing less than 2,500 beds to meet the increasing patient load on the hospital .
Igims should be competing with the all India Institute of medical sciences while the other medical colleges have to be made at par with Igims , Nitishkumar said .
A lot of work is being carried out in it sector across the country , but the minister , who is from Bihar , should give special attention to Bihar and speed up pending projects in the state , Nitishkumar said after inaugurating the National Institute of electronics & information technology 's ( Nielit ) 's new campus at Bihta , 40km west of Patna .
Bihar is known for its Jugar technology ( indigenous technology with local material ) and Patna city is known to be the epicentre of that technology , Nitishkumar said , while addressing a meeting before flagging off the rally , which was organised under the aegis of the Bihar Chamber of commerce .
In the run-up to the Bihar assembly elections last year , chief minister Nitishkumar had announced his seven resolutions related to development - power connections , Wi-Fi in schools , tap water for all , road and drainage system in every village , toilets in every house , new engineering and medical colleges etc .
Speaking on the occasion , Nitishkumar said several new buildings based on modern technology have been constructed in the state and they have grabbed attention at the international level .
Picture by Sachinpatna : chief minister Nitishkumar on Saturday said scientific investigation techniques were necessary for the police to detect crime , but also batted for continuing with traditional investigation methods .
Chief minister Nitishkumar said this at the 10th anniversary celebrations of human rights protection foundation at Indira Gandhi science complex today .
Mustard is an important crop for states like Bihar and we 'll not be able to escape the consequences of the technology , Nitishkumar said on the use of transgenic mustard .
I had written to the union minister of environment and forests in January saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers ( on transgenic crops ) are now pushing the technology through public institutions , Nitishkumar said .
Stressing the need of scientific investigation to get the offenders prosecuted , Nitishkumar said the government was ready to sanction funds to strengthen the state forensic science laboratory and purchase equipment for the police force .
The new schemes based on new technology will bring transparency into the services , Nitishkumar said .
( source : PTI ) Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar on Friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every Panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in Panchayat Bhawans in the state .
Cautioning people against GM crops , Nitishkumar said , now , they are talking about technology .
Reacting to this development , former chief minister Omarabdullah said , the irony of listening to Prime Minister ( Narendra ) Modi lecturing about connected digital India while we are totally disconnected .
B'Kerala chief minister Oommenchandy today said the state had failed to capitalise on the advantages of information technology and hoped by March this year the e-governance project would be completed .
Digital video Discdeputy director for information and public relations a R park , also working president of Dasara film festival sub-committee , told Deccan Herald , a technical error was noticed in the digital video disc ( DVD ) of the film received here .
In response , Bbmp executive engineer park said the shopkeepers would be accommodated in the high-tech Palike bazaar being built near Indraprastha hotel .
In response , Bbmp executive engineer park said the shopkeepers would be accommodated in the high-tech Palike bazaar being built near Indraprastha hotel .
As we want the new 2 petaflops machine to be a make in India initiative , we have approached the centre for development of advanced computing ( C-Dac ) for assistance , said Dr K park , director , Vikram Sarabhai space centre ( Vssc ) , Thumba .
Will ensure 24X7 power to all Indians by March 2019 : Goyalnew Delhi , DEC 5 , 2014 , ( PTI ) 16:46 Istreiterating the promise of 24X7 electricity to all by 2019 , power minister Piyushgoyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target .
By Ptinew Delhi : hitting back at Rahul Gandhi over his dig at the make in India programme after Vande Bharat train experienced trouble during its initial run , Union minister Piyushgoyal said the Congress president has insulted India 's intelligence and hard work by mocking the initiative .
( express photo ) power minister Piyushgoyal on Thursday said his ministry is experimenting with a technology , Brown- out , which can provide some power backup to households in the event of a grid failure leading to blackouts .
As more and more transactions become cashless , it will improve the transparency of the economy , Pranabmukherjee said .
Looking at the gigantic task of covering all the areas in the country , the bankers were requested to take advantage of technology and implement the financial inclusion plan to reach about 73,000 remote villages before March 2012 , Pranabmukherjee said .
India woke up late on start-ups , says Pranabnew Delhi , Jan 17 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:18 Ista day before the launch of start up India initiative , president Pranabmukherjee said India has woken up too late on encouraging new entrepreneurs and owned up responsibility for the delay , noting that he had been a finance minister earlier .
Delivering the valedictory address at the end of the three-day Pravasi Bharatiya Divas-2017 , Pranabmukherjee said the diaspora can collaborate in the areas of science and technology and biotechnology with institutions and entrepreneurs in India .
The measures include putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks and systems with due focus on capacity building , integration of information through technology and fast-tracking prosecution , Pranabmukherjee said .
New Delhi , June 21 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 10:27 Istyoga is both an art as well as a science and has amazing curative and preventive powers for the well-being of humanity , president Pranabmukherjee said on international yoga day on Sunday .
New technology to make tax payments easier : Pranablast updated : 15 July , 2011New Delhi , July 15 ( Ians ) 19:24 Istthe income tax department is upgrading its technology and introducing new ones with focus on electronic filing aimed at making tax payments easier , finance minister Pranabmukherjee said Friday .
The department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers , Pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department .
The best way to cool soaring prices is to boost output with better technology , more competition among more producers and better information , India 's finance minister Pranabmukherjee said at meeting of G20 finance ministers and central bank governors on commodities and energy .
As many as 73,000 villages will be brought into banking network with the help of technology by March 31 , Pranabmukherjee said , adding actions are being taken .
Meeting the expectations of these 21st century entrepreneurs is a challenging job , Pranabmukherjee said .
There is no reason why Chinese companies should not take advantage of Indias make in India initiative , Pranabmukherjee told chairman of the standing committee of the National peoples Congress of China Zhang Dejiang on Monday .
Participating at the second convocation of the Indian Institute of technology , Patna last month , Pranabmukherjee asked the youngsters to develop innovative strategies to promote inclusive growth of those at the grassroots .
My government will come out with a comprehensive national energy policy and focus on the development of energy related infrastructure , human resources and technology , president Pranabmukherjee said in his address to the joint sitting of parliament today which outlined the vision of the newly elected government .
Addressing the 12th convocation ceremony of Tezpur University today , Pranabmukherjee said he had called upon central universities to open innovation clubs to spur an innovation culture and translate the slogan of inclusion in innovation into a workable framework .
On the role of universities , Pranabmukherjee said they have to be the breeding ground for creative quests and cutting-edge technological developments .
Inaugurating the five-day Namami Brahmaputra festival organised by Sarbananda Sonowals Bjp-Led government , president Pranabmukherjee also said this was the time that adequate infrastructure backed by appropriate technology was built up to make Assam the hub of Indias act East policy .
As more and more transactions become cashless , it will improve the transparency of the economy , Pranabmukherjee said .
Shedding the shackles of mediocrity is the key challenge for the IIT system and Iitians in the 21st century , president Pranabmukherjee said on Saturday at the 44th convocation of the Indian Institute of technology , Delhi .
In his address , Pranabmukherjee said that Demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless , it will improve the transparency of the economy .
It is not acceptable that one would ransack the hospital and beat up doctors if there was an allegation that a patient has died due to medical negligence , said Pranabmukherjee , speaking at the inauguration of Indian Institute of liver and digestive sciences ( Iilds ) , the first full-fledged healthcare Institute dedicated to liver diseases in eastern India , set up by the West Bengal liver foundation in Sonarpur in the southern suburbs of Kolkata .
( PTI photo ) president Pranabmukherjee has said India is committed to continuing its political , technical and economic cooperation with Uganda in the manner that Uganda government requires it for meeting its developmental goals .
( source : express photo by Oinam Anand ) technology , Pranabmukherjee said , has opened the floodgates to the deluge of one-way unfiltered communication by the privileged to those who are less so .
B'President Pranabmukherjee said that Indian education institutions indulged in scientific research will soon reach on top .
( source : PTI ) president Pranabmukherjee said that Indian education institutions indulged in scientific research will soon reach on top .
Chief minister Prithvirajchavan on Friday said the state should be driven by information technology ( it ) to help it fuel a high growth rate .
Explaining about the memorandum of understanding inked with Oklahoma University in the US , Radhakrishnan said , the university will help us in setting up highly technical and latest pens to rear goats and sheep , he said .
Stating that the museum has been planted in a best possible place of the theatre , D Radhakrishnan , honorary secretary of assembly rooms , said , the museum is nothing but a gathered history of technology of old cinema .
It is a scientific advancement , said Dr J K B C Radhakrishnan , president , neuro spinal surgeons ' association of India and consultant at globe hospital .
Experts from the company were present when biometric data had been collected to programme the machine , said Rajeshkumar , the technical cell chief of Rmc .
It is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure Post-Demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating ATMs , said Jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary Rajivkumar and owner of an HP fuel outlet in Sakchi .
By Ptinew Delhi : Niti Aayog vice chairman Rajivkumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'Successive governments ' , even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods .
By Ptinew Delhi : financial services secretary Rajivkumar said today that public sector banks ( Psbs ) have been given a 15-day deadline to take pre-emptive action for identifying gaps and to gear up for rising operational and technical risks , as the scam in the PNB widened to RS 12,700 crore .
Addressing the valedictory session at the three-day Asian ministerial conference on disaster risk reduction ( Amcdrr ) 2016 , Union home minister Rajnathsingh said all nations should ensure that the government and communities analyse their resilience and act on promoting Hazard-Safe sectoral development with greater use of reliable technologies .
By Ptifalakata : Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Saturday said the centre will use technology to seal the international borders of both West Bengal and Assam with Bangladesh , through an integrated border management system .
Bhopal , March 25 : Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said the country 's porous border with Bangladesh and Pakistan would soon be sealed to end infiltration by terrorists , asserting that technology would be used where physical barricades were not feasible .
Fencing would be done wherever it 's possible and in case it 's not , technology would be brought into application , Rajnathsingh said while attending the Passing-Out parade of the border security force in Tekanpur , Gwalior , in Madhya Pradesh .
24 ( PTI ) : home minister Rajnathsingh said on Tuesday that the government is considering building 50 more Indo Tibetan border police posts along the India-China border and using technology to ensure a Round-The-Year temperature of 20 degrees Celsius in all its high-altitude bases .
Lucknow , Aug 23 , 2015 ( PTI ) 18:11 Istadvocating the promotion of Sanskrit , Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said even foreign scholars have considered it to be one of the most scientific of languages .
Degrees meaningless if youths take to terrorism : Rajnathsingh Singhmohanlalganj ( up ) , Feb 7 , 2015 ( PTI ) : 18:29 Istdecrying knowledge without values , Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said technical degrees held by youths become meaningless if they get involved in terror activities .
Airlines at one point of time were considered elitist , now its not and there are multiple people who ( travel by air ) we will do nothing to discourage innovation but whatever is accepted by the regulator has to have a reason , RAM said .
Mentioning that places like Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad , Mysuru and Hassan are vying for a campus of the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) , as announced in the union budget , RAM said : only one IIT has been granted to the state .
Meanwhile , speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga Medical College and hostel and government Ayurveda hi-tech Panchakarma hospital , RAM said that he does not own any house in Mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure .
Meanwhile , speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga Medical College and hostel and government Ayurveda hi-tech Panchakarma hospital , RAM said that he does not own any house in Mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure .
Dr T V RAM , scientist at Indian Institute of science , said the fears expressed 10 years ago about the Chikkaballapur region turning a desert were coming true .
V RAM , vice president of ICI and vice president ( technical ) , Ultratech technical services , said the main criteria for selecting the projects were that the structures should be completed , in use , and have outstanding features of design in construction aspect and usage of concrete as a material .
Addressing a press conference after his tour , RAM said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects .
Karnataka aims at being Bio-Economic power house of world : Cmbengaluru , Feb 9 , 2015 ( PTI ) 16:12 Istkarnataka chief minister RAM today said the state aims to be the Bio-Economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the Bio-Innovation centre in the city will soon be operational .
S RAM , the head of the sports mechanics and videographer for the Indian cricket team since 2001 , who welcomed the gathering said , this technology is first of its kind in India .
So , this video analysis technology helps the cricketer to know more about the nuances of the game , RAM said .
Later , at a party event at which former Vice-Chancellor of the University of agricultural sciences , Dr R Dwarkeenath , was feted , RAM said he and Modi were poles apart .
According to T V RAM of the centre for ecological sciences , Iisc , which gives guidelines in bringing out PBR for the state , said , lack of knowledge on the importance of biodiversity information can be the main reason restricting local self governments to set up Bmcs and bringing out PBR for each Panchayats .
Speaking at the event , RAM said , these days , fewer students are taking up pure science .
The growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like Boeing , Honeywell , Airbus , EADS , Pratt & Whitney , Rolls Royce and UTC aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub , RAM told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event .
The growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like Boeing , Honeywell , Airbus , EADS , Pratt & Whitney , Rolls Royce and UTC aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub , RAM told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event .
The government will hold a meeting with its legal and technical teams before attending the meeting , RAM said .
Nirmala RAM , Union minister of state for commerce and industries , said the government had decided to include the medical device sector among the 25 flagship industries to boost the make in India programme and reduce imports .
Chief minister RAM also announced Vignana-Sugnana , a scheme to promote science education by introducing science courses at graduate and postgraduate levels .
85 percent , which is nearly four percent more than the national average of 10 percent , the state information technology minister KT RAM said here on Thursday while releasing it performance report .
Chief minister RAM said the state government will finalise its stand to be taken before the tribunal after holding one more round of discussion with its legal and technical teams .
No Load-Sheddingchief minister RAM said that there was no need for Load-Shedding in the state as the technical snag at the Bellary and Udupi power plants had been rectified .
Speaking to reporters , RAM said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under M-Governance , a major step in the field of information and technology .
4 crore , making Karnataka the leading state for its e-governance initiatives , chief minister RAM said at an event here on Monday .
Delivering a lecture on on Nobodys word : evidence and modern science , organised by the University of RAM , as part of its centenary lecture series at Crawford hall , RAM said , variation in forces far too small compared to normal chemical forces .
On both astrology and Homoeopathy , RAM said , a culture based on superstitions will do worse than one based on scientific knowledge .
Drawing an analogy between good administration and influence of science , RAM said , a good governance guards people from their worst instincts and the process of science protects people from bias and irrationality .
Communist Party of India-Marxist ( Cpi-M ) leader RAM said his party had objections at the way the US was denying India complete flow of technology despite signing the deal in 2004 .
L RAM , technical director for the event , said the National anti doping agency ( nada ) would oversee the arrangements for dope testing .
Will strengthen scientific bond between India , UK : Nobel Laureatemysuru : Dec 10 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:25 Istnobel laureate RAM RAM on Thursday said he would strive to foster exchange of knowledge between India and United Kingdom .
To a question on funding for science in India and West , especially UK , RAM said , India still lags behind in tapping corporate funds and charity support in research in the area of basic science .
If one has to make economical strides , scientific advancements is a must , RAM said .
To another query on most of the scientific advancements not reaching common man , RAM said it is the same across the board including Western countries .
Stressing that his government was not attempting to infringe upon an individuals religious beliefs or faith , RAM said the proposed bill would work towards instilling a scientific temper in people .
Speaking to Deccan Herald , co-operation minister H s RAM , who is the In-Charge minister of Chamarajnagar district , said several industries including those involved in Agro-Processing , coconut processing , textile , general engineering , electrical Motors , automobile sector , have evinced interest in setting up their base at the proposed industrial park .
Consequent to the provisions under Amrut , smart city mission and housing mission , there is a new churning resulting in a new conscience on the part of urban local bodies , which are the Achilles tendon for effective planning and execution , RAM told PTI while summing up the new initiatives .
On the tax administration front , RAM said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened .
It would be a day dream to consider that higher price will increase production without technological breakthrough , Niti Aayog member RAM said recently .
We need to innovate at a much larger scale and own the IP ( intellectual property ) for these innovations , RAM said in his message .
'Re-Engineering can help poor benefit from solar Energy'July 17 , 2016 , Bengaluru , Dhns 1:42 Istthere is a lot of re-engineering that needs to be done to help the poor reap benefits from solar energy , says K RAM , former CEO , Tata BP solar .
K N RAM , special officer ( technical ) , Oceo , Karnataka , said , during the election period , most of the time , the lines were busy because of so many calls .
Recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined Arecanut crops in the coastal region , RAM said that the scientists from University of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies .
'Make in India ' happening in Karnataka : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , Jan 7 , 2016 , ( Ians ) 13:45 Istchief minister RAM has said that make in India is happening in Karnataka , citing the investments the state has attracted .
Speaking after offering floral tribute to the portrait of Kalam , District-In-Charge minister RAM said Kalam was a great visionary who had contributed to the development of science and technology in the country .
Highlighting the advantages Karnataka has , chief minister RAM said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens , Hi-Technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery .
Telangana information technology minister K T RAM , who visited Srinivass parents here on Saturday said the government has received information from mea that Srinivas body would arrive here on February 27 at 8 .
The mishap was very unfortunate and was handled very well under the able leadership of Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis , RAM said today at the make in India week at Bkc .
Mandya Medical College found lacking in Infrabasavaraj Havaldar Mandya , April 03 , 2016 , Dhns 23:27 Istmci warns cancellation of recognition ; sets one-month Deadlineeven as chief minister RAM has announced to increase the number of seats in Mandya Institute of medical sciences ( Mims ) from 100 to 150 in the budget , the medical Council of India ( MCI ) has put it on hold , citing lack of facilities in the hospital .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , RAM said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Rain-Hit Chennai airport resumes technical Flightsnew Delhi , DEC 5 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 13:46 Isttechnical flights have started from Rain-Hit Chennai airport where operations were suspended on Wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights , Union minister RAM said today .
Prof T g RAM , chairman , Centre for infrastructure , sustainable transportation and urban planning at Indian Institute of science , Bengaluru , said : isolated flyovers are a problem everywhere .
We can make a law against superstition but they can be removed only if people develop scientific temper , RAM said .
Still a science Studentchief minister RAM , who went down memory lane , recalling his days as a science student at Yuvarajas college , a constituent College of the University of RAM , four decades ago , said , even today , I feel as a student of science .
It will be decided at the earliest , said Dr D RAM , registrar , Rajiv Gandhi University of health sciences ( Rguhs ) .
They have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste , so that it may be replicated in Karnataka , RAM said .
Speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the University of agricultural sciences , Bangalore , RAM said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce .
Japan interested in Bangalore-Mysore bullet train project : Siddubangalore , Sept 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) 18:00 Istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in Karnataka , chief minister RAM said here today .
On Yettinaholeasked whether the state government will go ahead with the proposed Yettinahole project in the wake of a recent report by the Indian Institute of science that not more than nine Tmcft of water was available , RAM said experts have told the government that more than 24 Tmcft of water was available .
Addressing a press meet on Tuesday , Vedike state president K s RAM said that it is a shame that such superstitious beliefs are being promoted even in the present technological era .
Inaugurating the summit with the theme 'Innovation for inclusive growth ' , Karnataka chief minister RAM said .
Speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the University of agriculture sciences campus on Ballari road , RAM said : agriculture universities , which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector , have failed to protect the interests of farmers .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , RAM said .
Once the commercial negotiations are through , the company will have the right to use the technology , RAM said .
Dho Dr RAM said that the Endosulfan victims are provided cashless treatment at the Super-Speciality hospitals in the district .
Banks should give priority to the poor , who promptly repay loans , and loans given to rich entrepreneurs many a time have been declared non-performing assets , RAM said .
Centre will decide IIT location : Cmapril 12 , 2015 , Hubballi , Dhns : 2:33 Istchief minister RAM said on Saturday that the state would recommend the names of Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad and Mysuru for setting up the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) in Karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility .
Last updated : 11 December , 2011Kolar/Chikkaballapur , December 11 , Dhns : 23:53 Iststrategy meet : in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in Districtssinking Borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of Kolar and Chikkaballapur , said Dr RAM , professor at the University of agriculture science , Bangalore .
Karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , DEC 8 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:14 Istthe tech-savy state of Karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs , chief minister RAM said on Tuesday .
Karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , DEC 8 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:14 Istthe tech-savy state of Karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs , chief minister RAM said on Tuesday .
We are setting up a start-up cell as a one-stop-shop to help young entrepreneurs float start-ups and guide them in launching their Ventures as they will have little knowledge of corporate affairs , RAM said , flagging off the 18th edition of Bangalore Ite .
Noting that the start-up policy covered information technology , biotechnology and manufacturing sectors , RAM said a start-up Council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions .
Cm Rues 'Suppression ' of intolerance Debatebengaluru , Jan 27 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:17 Istnoting that the development of a nation can not be achieved through religious fundamentalism , chief minister RAM has said that a country can witness growth only through scientific and technological progress and by imbibing rational thoughts .
Quoting former prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru , RAM said that politics and religion had become outdated and that this was an era of science and spiritualism .
Dh Photokarnataka government proposed to set up a centre of excellence in data science and artificial intelligence and cyber security centre here , chief minister RAM said in the state 2017-18 budget today .
Unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly , RAM announced a total allocation of RS 299 crore to it , BT and science and technology department .
Under the new schemes relating to e-governance for 2017-18 , every district will be brought under the scope of service of process by establishing 'Karnataka one ' centres in more than 18 district centres , RAM said .
During 2017-18 , a total grant of RS 189 crore has been provided to the e-governance department , RAM said .
Dr RAM executive director Prabhakar RAM said when the children walk towards zoo circle from science centre , they can pluck bananas from the banana bunches hanged on one side of the road .
'Innovation bazaars ' planned to encourage budding Entrepreneursbengaluru , Feb 25 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:56 Istthe Department of biotechnology ( DBT ) and Niti Aayog are envisaging 'Innovation bazaars ' to mentor budding entrepreneurs , said K Vijay RAM , Secretary of biotechnology department , Ministry of science and technology .
Prof V s RAM , former secretary , Department of science & technology ( DST ) and former director of Nias , said , innovation in social sciences and economics are critical in order to take the innovations in science and technology to the common man .
Speaking after inaugurating the much-delayed RS 30-Crore Prof C N R Rao underpass near the Indian Institute of science , RAM said : some of the projects are being undertaken by the Bbmp and the state government .
It is a referendum on our performance so far , the state information technology minister K T RAM said .
We are almost 5,000 students who have completed the two-year anaesthesia technology course , said M RAM , vice-president of the anaesthesia technicians Association .
Puducherry education minister P M L RAM , who appeared for class X supplementary exams after a decade , said he had done well on his science paper and hoped to score more than 60 marks .
Ram said that a digital mammography provides electronic images of the breasts , which can be enhanced by computer technology , stored on computers , and even transmitted electronically in situations where remote access to the mammogram is required .
Said K P RAM , a former professor of urban engineering at Anna University while the Cmda member secretary rejects any appeal over violations or planning permission , the applicant can approach the government seeking remedy .
The state government has sanctioned RS 22 crore for this project and the planetarium will start functioning in 2019 , M R RAM , minister for planning , statistics , science and technology said here on Thursday .
Noting that the States fourth Planetarium will come up in Kalaburagi , thereby covering all four major geographical regions of the state , RAM said the government has plans to set up Sub-Regional science centres in all districts to go with the regional science centres at Dharwad , Mangaluru and Mysuru .
While regional and Sub-Regional science centres are aimed at enhancing scientific temperament among youth in the state , RAM said the government will ensure the benefits of science reach the rural poor .
We need people who can think laterally , use tools and interpret the large amount of data we collect to find solutions to issues related to sea-level rise and climate change , said R RAM , head , ocean observation systems , National Institute of ocean technology .
Dr D RAM , chairman of eye foundation and an alumnus of all India Institute of medical science ( Aiims ) says this was not the case 30 years ago .
Ashok RAM , GM ( technical ) and project director at Nhai RAM , said , wed filed an interim reply , but Ngt wanted a detailed Para-Wise reply to the petition .
Investigations at nearly 415 accident sites across Haryana have been conducted in the past 11 months and 270 engineering changes have been implemented in these areas , said Sarika RAM , head , integrated transport , WRI India .
We grow pomegranates , banana , ginger , papaya , broad beans and more , said R RAM , director , pearls engineering .
Nagpur : educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues , said s RAM , former director of Tata Institute of social sciences , Mumbai , on Friday .
Municipal commissioner RAM said , we will pay for the services of the two machines from our smart city funds .
R RAM , head , ocean observation systems , said the device was primarily developed for scientific applications like studying the surf zone and collecting real-time ocean parameters like temperature , salinity and depth .
So this is typically a negotiation if you can say you will bring 1,000 jobs to that city , then you can have a good standing , said RAM , the former CEO of Zensar technologies .
Also , more than 150 acres of the marshland is encroached by central government buildings mass rapid transit system , National Institute of ocean technology , Centre for wind energy technology it parks and residential buildings , senior counsel and Amicus P s RAM said in his report .
N R RAM , former Corporator of Yediyur , said errors have crept in due to technical glitches .
In Telangana alone , nearly 5,000-6,000 teachers fear losing their job due to the revised norm , said RAM , president of the Telangana affiliated engineering colleges teachers Association , which is one among the key petitioners in the case .
Ulccs chairman RAM said the society will set up a high-tech dairy plant with a capacity to process one lakh litres of milk per day in Kozhikode district , which will be up and running by October 2018 .
Ulccs chairman RAM said the society will set up a high-tech dairy plant with a capacity to process one lakh litres of milk per day in Kozhikode district , which will be up and running by October 2018 .
The sources said municipal minister K T RAM had asked the civic body to invite tenders for units which could dispose of animal waste using black hole technology .
Coimbatore : Codissia president R RAM said the Codissia defence innovation and incubation centre , launched by the defence minister RAM in Trichy on Sunday , would likely be set up at the forthcoming industrial park at Kallapalayam in the city .
Speaking to toi , RAM said this was the first defence innovation hub to come up in the country .
Codissia would own the land and the building , while a section 8 company and a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ) would be formed under the title Codissia defence innovation and incubation centre , RAM said .
This would be a major boost to Msmes as small industries could otherwise not afford to carry out innovation or R & D activities , RAM said .
Sivarajah RAM , CEO of native angels network , which has given RS 65 lakh to the startup , said Vilfresh has growth potential , as people were increasingly going for natural and organic products today .
Smart city projects executive engineer RAM said that they will be finalizing an agency for the same soon .
Mahesh RAM , an official with Indore smart city development Ltd said that these lots would work on hydraulic system with multiple levels to accommodate maximum vehicles in limited space .
We have been operating our smelter with the best-in-class technology , adapting best practices followed globally and shall continue to do so , said P RAM , CEO , Sterlite copper .
We hope to get a 15M-20M high model of the PSLV or the Gslv by April next year , science centres project coordinator RAM told this newspaper on Thursday .
Ndmc chairperson RAM said the portal would be divided into various sections such as best practises adopted in the field of E-Mobility , education , energy saving , e-governance and physical social health .
As a master systems integrator , we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high-end analytics , mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drone , said s N RAM , deputy managing director and president , Larsen & Toubro .
As a master systems integrator , we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high-end analytics , mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drone , said s N RAM , deputy managing director and president , Larsen & Toubro .
Dr RAM said , once we get an approval from the engineering wing , the garden will be made ready in six months .
Prince RAM , director ( information technology ) , said , it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city .
The government policy system must also encourage such an attitude , said R RAM , principal scientific adviser to the government of India .
We want this process to be cashless , said RAM , joint commissioner of police , ( traffic ) .
We hope that inadvertent misdeeds of one person outside our department will not undermine the true spirit of team startup India , RAM said .
Watch video | Delhi deputy cm Manish Sisodia under CBI scanner : find out what Happenedlt governor returned Netaji Subhash Institute of technology bill , asking for its reconsideration , assembly speaker RAM told the House today during the ongoing winter session .
While RAM had said that the motivation of his paper was not political and was focused on technical aspects , the EAC note said , given the fact that his paper lacks rigour in terms of specific data sources and description ; alternative hypothesis ; rationale of equation specifications , use of Dummies , and Robustness-Check diagnostics of estimated equations ; and choice of countries in the sample and a specific list ; it would not stand the scrutiny of academic or policy research standards .
As a master systems integrator , we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high end analytics , mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drones , said s N RAM , deputy managing director and president , Larsen & Toubro .
As a master systems integrator , we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high end analytics , mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drones , said s N RAM , deputy managing director and president , Larsen & Toubro .
I am confident that startups in both geographies would benefit immensely from this MOU , Telangana it minister K T RAM said in a statement .
Cashless Economyon the governments move to push for a digital , cashless economy , RAM said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in India .
( source : file photo ) the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 Gorkha communities , but some technical problems are holding it back for now , Union tribal affairs minister RAM said in Kalimpong on Sunday .
Only Favouritism and corruption have been seen in the last five years , says K RAM , an entrepreneur from Puducherry .
Speaking on the sidelines of the second day of the 73rd annual Indian Academy of Sciences ( Iasc ) annual meeting , professor RAM said that taking part in the surveys helps Indian universities get access to public funds .
She ( Swaraj ) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them , RAM told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by Eepc India on Thursday .
Their point is very important because the difference in state board and central board syllabus is huge , and to expect students to study two separate curricula for college exams and eventually for the entrance exam will be too much , said RAM , joint director , directorate of technical education ( dte ) , Maharashtra .
The passenger ratio to each Cisf personnel is too high for efficient safety control and hence , engineering modulations such as PSDs are required to keep safety measures in check , Dr RAM , associate professor in transport planning at school of planning and architecture , said .
Dr RAM , director , Pgimer , said , the IAC has approved 250 faculty , 350 senior residents and 300 technical posts .
We are happy to provide whatever encouragement is needed , said RAM , joint director , directorate of technical education ( dte ) .
We hope to gain acceptance from members of the public for vehicles sharing this kind of space with them , said RAM , chief executive at Oxbotica , which developed the technology behind the shuttle .
We are convinced that if we are to play a meaningful role nationally and in the comity of nations we must be second to none in the application of advanced technologies to the real problems of the man and society , RAM once said .
But , removal of mangroves would lead to the ocean taking over land surface , said Professor TV RAM , head , energy and wetland research group , Indian Institute of science , Bengaluru .
Tata Institute of social sciences ( Tiss ) director s RAM has asked his students not to get involved in the kind of student politics being played on the Delhi University ( du ) and Jawaharlal Nehru University ( Jnu ) campuses .
Liberalised Use/Technology neutrality is enshrined in our licences and there is simply no justification for us to pay an Auction-Discovered price for the permission to do what we are already entitled to , said T.V . RAM , resident director ( regulatory affairs ) of Vodafone India .
Retired town planner RAM said : the challenge of achieving the target of getting selected for smart city category is colossal .
Bbrains Scholastic centre chairman RAM said experts would discuss various Sub-Themes such as energy , food processing and conservation technology , Agro-Electronics , nano-technology , nano-electronics , solid waste management as part of the conference .
Manas RAM , director , software technology park of India , said : this incubation centre will be a boost to local entrepreneurs as it would provide a platform where the start-ups ( small companies or individuals ) can get amenities required to set up a company .
Allowing FDI in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments , technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain , RAM said .
Parliamentary secretary Parmeswar RAM said the present day world was dependent on information technology but the people of BTC were lagging behind in this sector .
Picture by Deepak Kumar Patna , July 17 : this independence day , chief minister RAM would announce the construction of two million toilets despite public health and engineering department ( Phed ) minister Mahachandar Prasad Singh today developing a cold feet in the assembly on the possibility of a debate on the issue because of the States poor execution record in the last fiscal .
Savita RAM , a resident of Ben village in Nalanda district , said her popularity level has soared since becoming a clean energy entrepreneur .
Meanwhile , KT RAM announced an initiative which will help the startups .
Meanwhile , KT RAM announced an initiative which will help the startups .
She ( Swaraj ) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them , RAM told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by Eepc India here yesterday .
Hyderabad : in the current situation , when Prime Minister Narendra Modi is urging every individual in the country to go cashless and opt the digital path , the role of software industry becomes all the more important and relevant , it minister KT RAM said .
Colombo : Indias commerce minister RAM said here on Tuesday , that India has not given any time frame for negotiating an economic and technical cooperation agreement ( Etca ) with Sri Lanka , although the Sri Lankan government would like it to be signed by December this year .
Kalimpong : the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 Gorkha communities , but some technical problems are holding it back for now , Union tribal affairs minister RAM said here today .
When asked about his response on the Indian Institute of science , which had recently given a report that not more than 9 Tmcft of water would be availed as against 24 Tmcft of water from the Yettinahole project , RAM said , the project was taken up as experts had given the opinion that more than 24 TMC of water can be lift if the project materialises .
Ridiculing the idea of cashless economy , RAM said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented .
However , g RAM , one of the acting MD of Kitco , the consultants for the project , told express that the problem was caused due to the use of a new technology deck continuity , which is used in many parts in North India with good results .
Attempting to assuage their sentiments , RAM said in future events it would be ensured to have the picture of the prime minister on display boards and banners of smart city project .
For such innovations , crowdfunding ensures a win-win for everyone - it cuts Go-To- market costs for the innovator , and the consumers get directly from the manufacturer at affordable prices , Fueladream.Com CMO RAM said .
S RAM , professor of electrical and electronics engineering , Anna University , said Second-Semester classes for first-year students began only on January 2 and Saturday classes would continue depending on the requirement .
M RAM , Tjac chief , said , the federation collected information which confirms that even after constant demands , government is yet to reimburse about RS 4,500 crore fee dues to private colleges which include intermediate , degree , engineering and pharmacy colleges .
New Delhi : commerce and industry minister RAM said the union budget for 2017-18 provides renewed impetus to the governments make in India initiative , manufacturing , and export infrastructure .
By Ianspanaji : GOA chief minister RAM , who holds a degree in alternative medicine , on Saturday said he would never have become chief minister had he obtained an Mbbs or engineering degree .
Earlier , senior advisor to ministry of earth sciences , RAM said data from the Indian network was rejected till 2007-08 by global weather numerical prediction centres due to its errors because of its non-GPS systems .
One of the Senior-Most environment scientists in the country , RAM said the technical Upgradation have led to improved forecasting .
Visit to Someshwara temple at Ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy , RAM said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people .
Visit to Someshwara temple at Ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy , RAM said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people .
Speaking on the occasion , RAM said that Telangana is a fast growing start up state which encourages innovation and entrepreneurship to make Hyderabad a major global destination .
But now , the government is forcing us to go cashless , said RAM , a vendor in Shivajinagar .
More programmes in Vedic science should be encouraged , RAM said .
I think it is high time that counseling is taken seriously both by Institute and by students to help their peers , N RAM , a mechanical engineering student said .
By Ptine Delhi : prime minister Narendra Modi-Led government in its second term will implement more economic reforms , raise investment in the farm sector , provide Collateral-Free loans to entrepreneurs and further simplify GST to boost economic growth , president RAM said on Thursday .
Professor RAM of political sciences department , University of Madras , said that the Landed-Caste with bulls can no longer establish control over the sport after such social and historic movements and once centrality of ownership gets removed , social changes happen .
Claiming that he had obtained documents on the encroachments through RTI over the last six months , RAM said , I have evidence that 2,300 high-rise complexes which include shopping malls , tech parks , hotels and hospitals were built on storm water drains and ecologically sensitive areas .
Claiming that he had obtained documents on the encroachments through RTI over the last six months , RAM said , I have evidence that 2,300 high-rise complexes which include shopping malls , tech parks , hotels and hospitals were built on storm water drains and ecologically sensitive areas .
Chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology , exposure and mentoring , said RAM , after inaugurating Karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics Bengaluruite .
New Delhi : terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of GST as anti-national , BJP MP RAM today said the goods and services tax ( GST ) bill can be passed by parliament only if Gstn gets security Clearancethe goods and services tax network ( Gstn ) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies .
The focus will be on young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas , RAM said .
There are 30-plus universities participating which cover areas like engineering , management and specialised subjects , said RAM , a scientist by profession and the organiser of the event .
Vijayawada : chief minister N Chandrababu RAM said on Sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism , agriculture , mines , forests , irrigation projects , maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance .
Speaking at a review meeting with the officials of AP fiber grid project at his residence here , RAM said that drone technology had come handy for crowd control , RAM management and crime control during the recently concluded Krishna Pushkarams .
By Ptiberne : from Berne to Bengaluru , and from research labs to manufacturing floors , India and Switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with Switzerland in various sectors , especially in science and technology , president RAM said on Thursday .
Riding without helmet tops the Listof violations Bookedk RAM of Janaagraha said , we from Janaagraha are happy to work with the Bengaluru RAM police for the public eye app , and it is a success story in the civic tech sphere on how the government and non-profits could work together , use technology and bring services closer to the people .
Riding without helmet tops the Listof violations Bookedk RAM of Janaagraha said , we from Janaagraha are happy to work with the Bengaluru RAM police for the public eye app , and it is a success story in the civic tech sphere on how the government and non-profits could work together , use technology and bring services closer to the people .
Talking about the importance of IPR as a whole , RAM says that any innovation in any field needs to be patented .
S RAM , chairman , Tata Institute of social sciences said innovation of the future would be not how much I could do alone but how one could connect to the world .
Hyderabad : the state government is planning to develop a mobility engineering cluster in Hyderabad , it minister KT RAM said .
By Ptiberne : from Berne to Bengaluru , and from research labs to manufacturing floors , India and Switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with Switzerland in various sectors , especially in science and technology , president Ramnathkovind said on Thursday .
By Aninew Delhi : prime minister Narendra Modi led BJP government at the centre made Agustawestland a part of 'Make in India ' by removing the firm from the list of blacklisted helicopter design and manufacturing companies , said Congress spokesperson Randeepsinghsurjewala on Sunday .
Guntur : town and country planning department additional director read said that the government was set to expedite the process of resolving the building Penalisation scheme ( BPS ) applications by using a new software .
Even the average package offered by companies to those from this branch is much higher , said Nln read , placement officer at Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of technology , adding that quite often students seeking a career in electronics and communication and electrical and electronics engineering end up seeking jobs in it firms .
To clear the air , we have again issued a circular and placed it on our website asking colleges to admit the candidates after verifying all original certificates and taking tuition fee as directed by the high court , said B Karunakar read , Vice-Chancellor , Kaloji Narayana Rao University of health sciences ( Knruhs ) .
Assam chief minister Sarbanandasonowal , who attended the just concluded fair , said people have a lot to learn from these practices of the Tiwas which exemplify the cashless tenets of the modern day society .
Assam chief minister Sarbanandasonowal , who attended the just concluded fair , said people have a lot to learn from these practices of the Tiwas which exemplify the cashless tenets of the modern day society .
Microsoft CEO satyanadella said technology companies need to be able to recruit talent from abroad when necessary .
New Delhi : Microsoft CEO satyanadella on Wednesday announced the integration of Skype and Aadhaar to launch the Skype Lite for low speed mobile Internet connections , which will be supported by Aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations .
While announcing the collaboration , Microsoft CEO satyanadella said that this was a move towards empowering every Indian organisation with technology .
( Anindya Shankar Ray ) the mobile phone is empowering the underclass in a way 45 years of talking about socialism never did , said Shashitharoor on Saturday evening , taking a swipe at his friends in the CPM who had dubbed cellular technology a plaything of the elite and opposed its entry into India .
Congress MP Shashitharoor said the state government and other agencies could use the expertise of organizations like Credai for such initiatives , adding that there was a need to explore sustainable building ideas , innovations and new technology .
Thiruvananthapuram : MP Shashitharoor asked the corporation to adopt of time-tested projects and technologies for an effective solid waste management system in the state capital .
Releasing a Half-Term progress report of the projects he had undertaken as Thiruvananthapuram 's MP , Shashitharoor said the corporation could have sought the technical assistance of Barcelona , if the Cpm-Led local self-government institution had taken a receptive attitude towards the twin city project proposed by him .
Bengaluru : Congress MP Shashitharoor on Saturday said that what the central government has been doing to facilitate startups is not enough .
For any preferential ties with India after leaving the European Union , Britain should understand that what India can best offer is its people and their skills , its students , its it and software professionals and so on and I am not saying Indians should migrate here , Shashitharoor said .
Enacting this law before bringing in a robust data protection law will have a bearing on the right to privacy , Shashitharoor said .
Delivering the keynote address at grand finale Teenovators 2016 , a national innovation challenge for young minds , organised by ink and Manipal University here , Shashitharoor said the growing faith in the innovation potentials in India to solve the problems is no real surprise .
If on one hand , we go around saying make in India , startup India and digital India and want to attract foreign investors , we ca n't do so if we are condoning hatred in India at the same time , Shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the Narendra Modi-Led government .
If on one hand , we go around saying make in India , startup India and digital India and want to attract Foreigninvestors , we cant do so if we are condoning hatred in India at the same time , Shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the Narendra Modi-Led government .
You will need to accept that Indias strengths are in providing services , people and expertise in areas like it and software , Shashitharoor said .
For any preferential ties with India after leaving the European Union , Britain should understand that what India can best offer is its people and their skills , its students , its it and software professionals and so on and I am not saying Indians should migrate here , Shashitharoor said .
It seems that Shinzoabe had told visiting Ex-Defence minister Arun Jaitley that he was convinced that North Koreas missile technology had been obtained from Pakistans AQ Khan , who had stolen the designs from various Western countries .
Now , there is a solution for it , says Shukla , CEO and co- founder , Smarterhomes technologies .
This will create hundreds of high-tech jobs locally and lead to a flow of cutting edge technologies to India should it be selected in the governmental helicopter tenders , said s P Shukla , chairman , Mahindra defence systems limited .
This will create hundreds of high-tech jobs locally and lead to a flow of cutting edge technologies to India should it be selected in the governmental helicopter tenders , said s P Shukla , chairman , Mahindra defence systems limited .
We also collect a fire compliance report for the annex building from the agency In-Charge of installing the equipment in July and December every year , said g P Shukla , deputy engineering officer of the Pwd , adding that the equipment was last tested on June 5 .
Having worked with him firsthand , I know he will be a fine leader for the IPL and will bring unmatched innovation , passion , and vision to the role , said Shukla .
The event was organised to ensure that students become aware citizens once they step outside the campus , said Professor Shukla , head of the department , political science , RD National college .
They have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste , so that it may be replicated in Karnataka , Siddaramaiah said .
Siddaramaiah , in his 2016-17 budget , announced free laptops to Sc/St students in government engineering colleges , Polytechnics and government degree colleges .
Recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined Arecanut crops in the coastal region , Siddaramaiah said that the scientists from University of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies .
Karnataka aims at being Bio-Economic power house of world : Cmbengaluru , Feb 9 , 2015 ( PTI ) 16:12 Istkarnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah today said the state aims to be the Bio-Economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the Bio-Innovation centre in the city will soon be operational .
Siddaramaiah said the state promoted Bengaluru Bio-Innovation centre will soon be operational , giving plenty of opportunities for innovative ideas to be commercialised and leading to blossoming of several start-ups in the fields of life sciences and pharmaceuticals .
The government will hold a meeting with its legal and technical teams before attending the meeting , Siddaramaiah said .
Inaugurating the summit with the theme 'Innovation for inclusive growth ' , Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said .
Cm Rues 'Suppression ' of intolerance Debatebengaluru , Jan 27 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:17 Istnoting that the development of a nation can not be achieved through religious fundamentalism , chief minister Siddaramaiah has said that a country can witness growth only through scientific and technological progress and by imbibing rational thoughts .
Quoting former prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru , Siddaramaiah said that politics and religion had become outdated and that this was an era of science and spiritualism .
Siddaramaiah said the preliminary work for Phase-Ii such as Geo-Technical investigations and land acquisitions have progressed considerably .
Speaking at the event , Siddaramaiah said , these days , fewer students are taking up pure science .
Later , at a party event at which former Vice-Chancellor of the University of agricultural sciences , Dr R Dwarkeenath , was feted , Siddaramaiah said he and Modi were poles apart .
Meanwhile , speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga Medical College and hostel and government Ayurveda hi-tech Panchakarma hospital , Siddaramaiah said that he does not own any house in Mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure .
Meanwhile , speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga Medical College and hostel and government Ayurveda hi-tech Panchakarma hospital , Siddaramaiah said that he does not own any house in Mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure .
Siddaramaiah said the country has been lagging behind in higher education and universities must concentrate on providing quality education while laying emphasis on basic science .
The growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like Boeing , Honeywell , Airbus , EADS , Pratt & Whitney , Rolls Royce and UTC aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub , Siddaramaiah told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event .
The growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like Boeing , Honeywell , Airbus , EADS , Pratt & Whitney , Rolls Royce and UTC aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub , Siddaramaiah told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event .
Mandya Medical College found lacking in Infrabasavaraj Havaldar Mandya , April 03 , 2016 , Dhns 23:27 Istmci warns cancellation of recognition ; sets one-month Deadlineeven as chief minister Siddaramaiah has announced to increase the number of seats in Mandya Institute of medical sciences ( Mims ) from 100 to 150 in the budget , the medical Council of India ( MCI ) has put it on hold , citing lack of facilities in the hospital .
Speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the University of agricultural sciences , Bangalore , Siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce .
Siddaramaiah said the matter was also to be considered by the Karnataka Neeravari Nigam and the technical committee of the irrigation department , which will submit a report to the board .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah also announced Vignana-Sugnana , a scheme to promote science education by introducing science courses at graduate and postgraduate levels .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said the state government will finalise its stand to be taken before the tribunal after holding one more round of discussion with its legal and technical teams .
No Load-Sheddingchief minister Siddaramaiah said that there was no need for Load-Shedding in the state as the technical snag at the Bellary and Udupi power plants had been rectified .
Speaking after inaugurating the much-delayed RS 30-Crore Prof C N R Rao underpass near the Indian Institute of science , Siddaramaiah said : some of the projects are being undertaken by the Bbmp and the state government .
We can make a law against superstition but they can be removed only if people develop scientific temper , Siddaramaiah said .
Siddaramaiah said the government has asked National Institute of technology , Karnataka , in Suratkal and the minerals exploration corporation limited to identify the extent of iron ore extracted from these mines illegally .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , Siddaramaiah said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Still a science Studentchief minister Siddaramaiah , who went down memory lane , recalling his days as a science student at Yuvarajas college , a constituent College of the University of Mysore , four decades ago , said , even today , I feel as a student of science .
Siddaramaiah said that Karnataka was the only state to set up a vision group on science and technology , currently headed by Bharat Ratna C N R Rao .
'Make in India ' happening in Karnataka : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , Jan 7 , 2016 , ( Ians ) 13:45 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah has said that make in India is happening in Karnataka , citing the investments the state has attracted .
Addressing a press conference after his tour , Siddaramaiah said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects .
4 crore , making Karnataka the leading state for its e-governance initiatives , chief minister Siddaramaiah said at an event here on Monday .
Japan interested in Bangalore-Mysore bullet train project : Siddubangalore , Sept 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) 18:00 Istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in Karnataka , chief minister Siddaramaiah said here today .
Siddaramaiah said he had a meeting with Japan 's minister for education , culture , sports , science and technology , Hakubun Shimomura , on the sidelines of the world economic forum meeting at Dalian in China .
The project , which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of Drought-Prone areas of Kolar , Chikkaballapur and Bengaluru rural districts , has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project , said Siddaramaiah .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , Siddaramaiah said .
Siddaramaiah said that progress in science and technology should be utilised for the progress of the society .
Speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the University of agriculture sciences campus on Ballari road , Siddaramaiah said : agriculture universities , which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector , have failed to protect the interests of farmers .
Speaking to reporters , Siddaramaiah said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under M-Governance , a major step in the field of information and technology .
Karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , DEC 8 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:14 Istthe tech-savy state of Karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Tuesday .
Karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , DEC 8 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:14 Istthe tech-savy state of Karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Tuesday .
We are setting up a start-up cell as a one-stop-shop to help young entrepreneurs float start-ups and guide them in launching their Ventures as they will have little knowledge of corporate affairs , Siddaramaiah said , flagging off the 18th edition of Bangalore Ite .
Noting that the start-up policy covered information technology , biotechnology and manufacturing sectors , Siddaramaiah said a start-up Council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions .
Highlighting the advantages Karnataka has , chief minister Siddaramaiah said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens , Hi-Technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery .
Siddaramaiah told the audience the state , especially Bengaluru , has Indian Institute of science and Indian Institute of management and headquarters of ISRO , Drdo and many It-Bt companies .
On Yettinaholeasked whether the state government will go ahead with the proposed Yettinahole project in the wake of a recent report by the Indian Institute of science that not more than nine Tmcft of water was available , Siddaramaiah said experts have told the government that more than 24 Tmcft of water was available .
Dh Photokarnataka government proposed to set up a centre of excellence in data science and artificial intelligence and cyber security centre here , chief minister Siddaramaiah said in the state 2017-18 budget today .
Unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly , Siddaramaiah announced a total allocation of RS 299 crore to it , BT and science and technology department .
Siddaramaiah said it is also proposed to establish artificial intelligence and robotics Centre at Iiit , Bengaluru at a cost of RS five crore .
Under the new schemes relating to e-governance for 2017-18 , every district will be brought under the scope of service of process by establishing 'Karnataka one ' centres in more than 18 district centres , Siddaramaiah said .
During 2017-18 , a total grant of RS 189 crore has been provided to the e-governance department , Siddaramaiah said .
Banks should give priority to the poor , who promptly repay loans , and loans given to rich entrepreneurs many a time have been declared non-performing assets , Siddaramaiah said .
Stressing that his government was not attempting to infringe upon an individuals religious beliefs or faith , Siddaramaiah said the proposed bill would work towards instilling a scientific temper in people .
Mentioning that places like Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad , Mysuru and Hassan are vying for a campus of the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) , as announced in the union budget , Siddaramaiah said : only one IIT has been granted to the state .
Centre will decide IIT location : Cmapril 12 , 2015 , Hubballi , Dhns : 2:33 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said on Saturday that the state would recommend the names of Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad and Mysuru for setting up the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) in Karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility .
On the tax administration front , Siddaramaiah said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened .
Shivamogga : societies cant develop unless citizens let go of superstition and develop scientific temper , said chief minister Siddaramaiah .
More programmes in Vedic science should be encouraged , Siddaramaiah said .
Visit to Someshwara temple at Ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy , Siddaramaiah said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people .
Visit to Someshwara temple at Ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy , Siddaramaiah said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people .
When asked about his response on the Indian Institute of science , which had recently given a report that not more than 9 Tmcft of water would be availed as against 24 Tmcft of water from the Yettinahole project , Siddaramaiah said , the project was taken up as experts had given the opinion that more than 24 TMC of water can be lift if the project materialises .
Chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology , exposure and mentoring , said Siddaramaiah , after inaugurating Karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics Bengaluruite .
By Ptinew Delhi : women entrepreneurs are the major beneficiaries of the centre 's Mudra scheme , as they have cornered about 75 per cent of the total Disbursals , textiles minister Smritiirani said Wednesday .
Union textile minister Smritiirani said her ministry had so far facilitated employment to over 20,000 Jharkhand youths in the textile sector , and added that the foundation stone of National Institute of fashion technology would be laid in the state within a month .
Hrd minister Smritiirani said a dozen teachers - from top institutions like the University of Pennsylvania , Harvard University , Massachusetts Institute of technology , Columbia University , Yale University , Princeton University , Georgia Tech University , and the University of California , Berkeley - had already given their consent to take part in the scheme .
Hrd minister Smritiirani said a dozen teachers - from top institutions like the University of Pennsylvania , Harvard University , Massachusetts Institute of technology , Columbia University , Yale University , Princeton University , Georgia Tech University , and the University of California , Berkeley - had already given their consent to take part in the scheme .
Smriti Smritiirani Telegraph file Pictureunion minister Smritiirani said on Saturday she wasnt sure if she would be around to attend the Indian womens science Congress in 2021 , to which she has been invited .
But , nonetheless , I accept her invitation with grace and gratitude , Smritiirani told the inaugural session of the womens science Congress in Jalandhar , revealing that the president-elect for 2020-21 had invited her .
The government proposes to formulate a new education policy aimed at meeting the challenges posed by lack of quality , research and innovation in our educational institutions , Smritiirani said .
Noting that skill development was the need of the hour , Smritiirani also said the Rajiv Gandhi Institute of information technology ( Rgiit ) has failed to address the issues of the youth of Amethi .
Coimbatore , Jan 27 ( ) since standardisation has been notified , India can become one of the most competitive economies in the field of technical textiles , Union minister Smritiirani said Sunday .
207 items notified as technical textiles will give major boost to the sunrise sector , Smritiirani had said in a tweet earlier .
Attacking the previous upa government at the centre for delaying technology upgrades in the textile industry , Smritiirani said , in last three years of upa government , 40 schemes were launched , out of which 20 were suspended without spending a single penny .
In her speech , Smritiirani said that modern science depends on empirical evidence and asked heads of technological institutions to provide research to back the claims related to the benefits of yoga .
Today I call upon all those professors researchers and academicians who can help us quantify empirical evidence with regard to the benefits of yoga and yogic sciences , Smritiirani said adding that this would provide a boost to this area .
In her speech , Smritiirani also said that the UGC is considering including net exam for yogic sciences to address the issue of finding teachers for this subject .
I want Ijira to make presentations to ministries like women empowerment and rural development to promote women entrepreneurship , Smritiirani said at the inauguration of a Ijira technical seminar .
Arul Horizonunion minister Smritiirani announced that a National-Level competition to promote research and innovation among students will start from August 15 and students will contribute their ideas directly to the central government .
Do we look at the new evolving technologies from a position of suspect , Smritiirani asked , or do we look at it from a position of opportunity , from a position of consolidation or further expansion .
Mayor Souminijain said that the implementation of the e-governance project is very important .
B'Related news Swedish prime minister Stefanlofven to visit Indiawith Sweden already having 160 enterprises across India , Swedish prime minister Stefanlofven said at the make in India conference on Saturday that his country has long-lasting relations with India , and that Sweden is here for the long term .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Friday announced that the Labour resource , and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment .
Modi 's visit will focus on investments and technology sharing with these three countries , external affairs ministry spokesperson Syedakbaruddin said .
Gt Thampi , principal of Thadomal Shahani engineering college , Mumbai , said the new approval process is more pragmatic and realistic unlike the previous rules .
New York , press trust of India , May 3 2017 , 10:12 Istacknowledging that Apple is underpenetrated in India , CEO TimCook has said the US tech giant is strengthening its local presence in the country and is optimistic about its future given the fast-growing economy and improving 4G network infrastructure in the country .
New York , press trust of India , May 3 2017 , 10:12 Istacknowledging that Apple is underpenetrated in India , CEO TimCook has said the US tech giant is strengthening its local presence in the country and is optimistic about its future given the fast-growing economy and improving 4G network infrastructure in the country .
Apple Inc is putting a lot of energy in India with an aim to launch all its initiatives , including retail , in the country where it has an extremely low overall market share , the technology giant 's CEO TimCook has said .
New York , May 3 ( PTI ) : Apple CEO TimCook has said the US tech giant is bolstering its presence in India 's underpenetrated market amid the improving 4G network infrastructure .
New York , May 3 ( PTI ) : Apple CEO TimCook has said the US tech giant is bolstering its presence in India 's underpenetrated market amid the improving 4G network infrastructure .
July 27 ( agencies ) : Apple CEO TimCook has said the tech giant was looking forward to setting up retail stores in India to tap the booming smartphone market of the country .
July 27 ( agencies ) : Apple CEO TimCook has said the tech giant was looking forward to setting up retail stores in India to tap the booming smartphone market of the country .
Apple chief executive TimCook has also long said the company wants to control its own technological fate , what analysts have called the cook doctrine .
We believe that we need to own and control the primary technologies behind the products that we make , TimCook told investors back in 2009 .
Jaipur : chief minister Vasundhararaje on Wednesday claimed that Rajasthan has over 700 startups with an investment of RS 500 crore in the recent years .
We have an experienced technical team that has the ingenuity , flexibility and drive to adapt to the new wave of rule changes , and we also have the tools and resources in our partnerships with McLaren applied technologies and Mercedes-Benz high performance engines to aim even higher , Vijaymallya said .
Declining to elaborate , Vijaymallya said , we should respect their ( overseas Airlines ' ) privacy and confidentiality .
Principal Vijaymallya said there was plenty to be optimistic about after the Mercedes-Powered team , who also have a technical partnership with McLaren , finished seventh overall last year .
In a series of tweets , Vijaymallya said the prime minister advocates about the use of technology while the enforcement agencies dont take his words seriously and refuse to use technology .
Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( source : PTI , file ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( source : PTI , file ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani on Sunday said cashless India , digital India and clean India are the projects very dear to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Vadodara is taking steps in that direction .
External Affairs ministry spokesperson Vikasswarup said given the will , there is no reason why the technical design parameters on which Pakistan has raised objections can not be sorted out by experts from both sides on projects like Kishenganga .
Mumbai : Indias top batsman Viratkohli has asked people to use common sense on his much talked about relationship with actress Anushka Sharma , saying they indeed are seeing each other and their privacy should be respected .
( source : PTI ) Indias test captain Viratkohli on Thursday said the team has had discussions on the contentious decision review system ( Drs ) and looks forward to the Technologys introduction in the future .
New test skipper Viratkohli has often said he is keen on using technology , while coach Anil Kumble , the head of Iccs cricket committee , had visited the MIT that has been studying methods to make Drs better .
Beijing : President Xijinping has asked rapidly modernising PLA to integrate its scientific advances with that of the civilian sector by removing institutional barriers and special interest groups obstructing the process .
Chinese president Xijinping said at the Communist Party Congress held last year that China will push for the integration of the Internet , big data and AI with the traditional economy .
Developed Western nations have long-term economic , technological and military advantages over China and the Communist Party has to realise that some people will use the Wests strong points to criticise Socialisms failings , president Xijinping said .
Chinas military needs to promote technological innovation as the key to its upgrading and modernisation , president Xijinping told military delegates to the annual meeting of parliament .
