at a review meeting held this week with district collectors to assess the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the local administration, while the efforts that have helped reduce farmer suicides are laudable, we still have a formidable task ahead.
mr modi said that his government stand by farmers and jawans of the country and blamed congress government for always befooling them and never thinking about their welfare.
responding to a question of bjp mla achchudanand during the question hour, nitishkumar said: the credit-deposit ratio has increased to 40 per cent but banks do not generally give loans to farmers, students and other priority sectors.
referring to the pm fasal bima yojna introduced for the benefit of people, modi said though bjp-ruled states like chhattisgarh and haryana have made 50 per cent achievement, only 14 per cent farmers got it in up.
read| if elected, congress will waive off loans of chhattisgarh farmers: rahul gandhiaccusing singh of indulging in corruption, gandhi claimed that rs 5,000 crore had vanished in the chit fund scam.
yeddyurappa said bjp would stand by the people and expose the corruption (file)opposition bjp on monday regretted that karnataka governor vajubhai vala's address to the joint session of the legislature was mum on the farm loan waiver by the jd-s-congress coalition government.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, ram said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
the changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation (r&r) measures to farmers, prime minister narendramodi said.
bhopal: as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
siddaramaiah, however, said that he would try his best to incorporate some of the demands of the farmers in the budget this year.
by ianspalamau: in an obvious attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans.
though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops, the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers, naidu said.
nagaon deputy commissioner babu said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
nagaon deputy commissioner p. ashok ram said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, siddaramaiah asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, ram said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
prime minister modi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
fadnavis said that ahead of the rabi season the government wants maximum farmers from drought hit regions to avail of fresh loans.
siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release rs 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 taluks are reeling under drought.
at a workshop for party mps, modi asked them to flag the contrast between the pro-poor measures taken by the upa and his government, giving an overview of various initiatives and bold decisions taken by the bjp-led coalition for the welfare of the poor and farmers since it came to power at the centre last year.
but he (hooda) did not do anything during his time and kept pretending to be a leader of the farmers, manoharlalkhattar said, adding his government has worked for the farmers during the last three-and-a-half years.
speaking on the occasion, agriculture minister ram said facilities like agriculture universities were meant to give an impetus to the farming sector, which was not happening on the ground.
observing that there was no difference between the centre and states on paying enhanced compensation, modi said, political considerations should not come in the way of a solution that would facilitate development of rural areas, and greater prosperity for farmers.
congress vice-president rahulgandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
17 am: on drought, modi said: few days back we were worrying about drought situation, now where on one side we hear about monsoon, on other side, we hear about floods.
also read | mann ki baat: here are the highlights from pm modis addresstalking about the floods that have hit some parts of the country, modi said, sometime back, we were concerned about drought but now we are enjoying the rains and there are reports about floods.
we are not like the congress which will only pay lip-service to farmers but ignore their well-being whenever congress is in power, farmers suffer, modi said.
despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in marathwada and vidarbha, maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday while launching mission drinking water.
although chief minister ram claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
by ptinew delhi: niti aayog vice chairman rajivkumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'successive governments', even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods.
prime minister narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
)seeking to woo the farmers, who are angry for not getting remunerative price for their produce, modi said the congress model of development was hand pumps while the bjp built pipelines so huge that congress leaders can drive their maruti cars through them.
but even as mamatabanerjee announced wednesday, from the mammoth stage set up for the first singur utsav that she was against land acquisition and will never allow forcible acquisition in bengal ever again, even as she vowed to protect farmers and their lands, in the same breath she said that her government will push for industrial investment in the state.
to a question on why he has not heeded to oppositions demand for loan waiver to farmers, fadnavis said loan waiver was a good option, but it was not the only one.
accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister modi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
chief minister siddaramaiah said: while the kvks have effectively implemented our policies, more capacity building for farmers needs to be done.
admitting that there was a strain on the exchequer due to loan waiver and other expenditure, the cm said even gdp was growing at same time due to massive push to the infrastructural development.
at a post-budget press conference here, mamatabanerjee also said the key exercise was more focussed on the agriculture sector while the recently concluded bengal global business summit was directed at the industry.
sawant disclosed that while the cm had announced that 89 lakh farmers will benefit under the waiver scheme, after the cumbersome procedure introduced by the information technology department, only 77 lakh were able to submit on-line applications.
terming the 2013 land bill brought by upa as one that was against rural areas and farmers, arunjaitley said the 2015 bill sought to remove its shortcomings.
the sc order came a week after karnataka chief minister ram said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the cauvery catchment areas (in karnataka).
after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
in its state budget on july 5, janata dal (secular)-congress coalition government had announced a loan waiver of rs 34,000 crore, which jumped to rs 40,000 crore after the state last week decided to waive all crop loans of rs 1 lakh in cooperative banks availed till july 10, 2018.
i know it is a difficult task, but i have taken it as a challenge because we cant keep on watching our farmers kill themselves without doing anything, amarindersingh said, adding, it is a tragedy that those who fed the whole nation are being left to die in debt and we need to do something.
chief minister devendra fadnavis, however, did announce a relief package of rs 10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers, a move the opposition termed a cruel joke the state had played on farmers.
ipr attorney p gandhi , who has obtained the maximum number of gi tags in the country, said seeraga samba rice could be cultivated throughout the year in the paddy growing tracks of the state since the grains could withstand intermittent drought even at its critical stages of growth.
we managed to stop it from spreading to paliem, said cashew farmer ram however, farmers are not sure about the arambol site, where the fire was still raging.
12:34pm: rahulgandhi said to be heading towards mandsaur on a kutcha route through villages12:24pm: administration and police flustered at rahulgandhi move12:23pm: congress workers present in huge numbers at nimbaheda to greet and welcome rahul gandhi12:21pm: nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of neemuch, one of the many centres of violence12:20pm: congress using farmers protest as a photo-op, says venkaiah naidu, dismisses demands for mp cms resignation12:16pm: special protection group accompanying congress v-p confirms rahulgandhi is trying to enter mandsaur district via nimbaheda.
sagar kulkarni, feb 3, 2017, dhns 8:48 istdateline: new delhidays after prime minister modi announced scrapping of high value currency notes, agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for rabi crops across the country.
in a statement issued here, akali mps sukhdev singh dhindsa and balwinder singh bhunder from the rajya sabha and prem singh chandumajra from the lok sabha said ekta, ugrahan and few other factions of the bharti kisan union (bku) were trying to sow seeds of discontent in the peasantry.
smaller plots are more expensive to cultivate and small farmers have higher consumption patterns, according to economists.
in 2013, more than 3,000 farmers in the state ended their lives, according to records, but people in the know claim the ncrb does not reflect ground realities.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n babu , managing director of fdcm.
but india has major potential but its hard-working farmers are driven to commit suicides.
the cause for concern is not only the high suicide rate but the entire agrarian crisis.
the situation in maharashtra is grave and we need help to deal with the rising number of farmer suicide cases in the drought-prone areas of maharashtra, especially yavatmal and osmanabad, fadnavis told peres, citing the successful agriculture projects that have been undertaken in israel.
drip irrigation becomes critical during drought situations, because with one large tank of water, we can add the required fertilizer and water almost five acres for four days, said a ram , a chilly farm er in madukkarai.
after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers, farmers all across the country began demanding the same.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced a special package of rs10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers in maharashtra, but rejected the oppositions demand to announce a loan waiver.
modi, who was giving details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, an crop insurance scheme in light of 1,000 farmer suicides in karnataka in the past one year, said river-linking would save the country and help overcome water scarcity.
mr fadnavis said while he was not opposed to the idea of a complete loan waiver, it was a decision that had to be taken at an appropriate time.
as the centre is yet to take a stand of bhavantar, we have decided that garlic and onion will continue to be included but farmers will have to sell gram, lentil and mustard at msp, which the government will ensure, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan told reporters at a hurriedly-called press conference on friday evening.
chief minister ram said: while the kvks have effectively implemented our policies, more capacity building for farmers needs to be done.
as for bailing out sericulture farmers hit by price crash, pranabmukherjee told the delegation that as he has to take care of everybody in the sector including weavers, consumers and farmers, the centre would take suitable decision soon.
