Still , the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since October 2016 , endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of Demonetisation and GST , Dodhia said .
Without doing this , it would be unfair on the centre 's part to expect traders to be compliant and deny compensation , '' said B T Manohar , state taxation chairman and team GST of Federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce and industries ( Fkcci ) .
We have set up a GST help desk at the Gujarat Chamber of commerce and industries ( Gcci ) and are representing the issues of specific industries to the government , '' said Shailesh Patwari , the Gcci president .
Talking about GST and Demonetisation , Gandhi claimed : due to GST and Demonetisation , small and medium businesses have been destroyed .
To start with , there should be lighter penal provision for offences for at least two years as GST is a new tax regime and traders would need time to understand the law , Jain said .
Modi , who is also the state finance minister , has said the delay in resolving the issue might create difficulties in implementing goods and services tax ( GST ) .
Siddaramaiah , who also holds the finance portfolio , said he had not heeded to the traders demand to lower the vat slabs in anticipation of the introduction of the goods and service tax ( GST ) regime in 2016-17 .
I have already asked the state chief secretary to send a strong letter to the union finance ministry elaborating on our objections to accepting the GST in its present form , Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee said at a district-level meeting in her state .
Addressing the traders , Gandhi said , Modi has enforced 'Gabbar Singh tax ' ( GST ) , which has 'Destroyed ' your business .
Reading from the newspaper clipping , Kejriwal said Modi had said in 2012 that imposing excise duty would encourage inspector Raj and 90 per cent of the jewellery business was small-scale sector that generated the most employment .
We have received 43 complaints so far in Haryana where benefits of lower tax rates under the GST regime were not passed on to consumers , '' state finance minister captain Abhimanyu said while talking to reporters here today .
With the impact of Demonetisation largely over and the GST unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending , IHS Markit forecast real GDP growth to hit 7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole , '' Lima said .
Former chief economic adviser Arvind RAM said cross-border ease of doing business has not improved and corporate tax reforms need to be undertaken .
Unless the government sets up an effective mechanism for refund , the new rules will be seen draconian , said B T Manohar , chairman of states taxation committee of Fkcci and member of Karnataka state GST advisory committee .
The introduction of the goods and services tax ( GST ) weighed heavily on the Indian manufacturing industry in July , '' said Pollyanna de Lima , economist at IHS Markit .
Pwc leader ( indirect tax ) Jain said the arrest provisions as per the revised model GST law may lead to undue harassment for traders .
In a separate reply , Shukla said the GST Anti-Profiteering authority has till December 26 received 169 complaints alleging suppliers of goods have not passed on benefit of cost cuts .
The council will meet again on January 3-4 and will discuss the contentious issue of Cross-Empowerment , the only main issue that is lacking consensus , said finance minister Arunjaitley adding that the next session will also see the Cgst and Sgst laws being framed in legal language and placed before the States .
( Source-Express Photo/Nirmal Harindran ) with petrol ruling at 55-Month high and diesel at record levels , Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Babu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people .
Vinod Nair , head of research , Geojit BNP Paribas financial services Ltd , said , market tumbled as investors are concerned over the final lap of us political battle and higher tax burden from GST .
Mr. Ramakrishnudu said that Andhra Pradesh did not endorse the view that only the central government officials can administer the service tax Assessees and that it was a matter of doubt how the central excise Department officials , who have experience only in matters related to excise duty within the factory premises and do not have any exposure to sales tax matters , could administer the goods component of the central goods and services act and integrated goods and services act .
Though finance minister Arunjaitley had said he was not averse to consulting Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on the GST and other issues , Congress leaders claimed that no one from the government had approached them .
P Chidambaram said , before the economy could recover from Demonitisation , we had this great GST .
Any form of direct or indirect GST on free supplies could have a significant impact on the sales & marketing spend of companies , specifically those dealing in consumer products , '' said Pratik Jain , national indirect tax leader at PwC Prashant Raizada , partner - indirect tax at BDO India , said , `` the model GST law does not provide any specific guidance on Taxability of free samples issued by an entity to a prospective customer '' .
Hyderabad : Telangana finance minister Eatala Rajender said on Tuesday that the state would suffer huge financial losses if the centre brings petrol and diesel under the ambit of goods and services tax ( GST ) .
Accusing the government of bringing GST to favour the corporates , Chidambaram said his party Congress had to speak for the common people , who were the `` third factor '' besides the centre and states , that would be affected by taxes .
By Ptiwashington : Demonetisation and the goods and services tax ( GST ) are the two major headwinds that held back India 's economic growth last year , former RBI governor RAM has said , asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country 's needs .
The proposed law will not harass honest taxpayers , but is aimed at tax evaders , finance minister Pranabmukherjee told members of Lok Sabha on Tuesday , replying to the general discussion on budget , which marks the completion of one of the three stages of passage of the budget .
Congress leader Rahulgandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent GST .
( Source-Express Photo/Nirmal Harindran ) with petrol ruling at 55-Month high and diesel at record levels , Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Naidu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people .
This measure should significantly help in assuaging the concerns of inadequate readiness of Gstn being faced by the industry and confirms that preparedness of Gstn will not be a roadblock for the implementation of GST as was being anticipated by the industry , said Rajeev Dimri , leader for indirect tax practice at consultancy Bmr & Associates .
It will be disastrous and that can not be GST , it will be fooling the country , Chidambaram told an interactive session with IIM Calcutta students on economic reforms .
Ani Byraebareli : Congress president Rahulgandhi on Saturday said that no prime minister except Narendra Modi took foolish decisions such as Demonetisation and goods and servies tax ( GST ) in the past 70 years .
September data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of GST in July , '' said Aashna Dodhia , economist at IHS Markit , and author of the report .
Rahul Gandhi , the president of the Congress , had , in May , said if his party came to power , there would be only one slab of the GST and that the party was against the 28 per cent slab .
Limiting the zero rating to food grains or Agri products may not lead to any significant reduction on tax costs for the consumers , said Rajeev Dimri , leader , indirect tax , Bmr & associates LLP while reacting to GST rate announcement here on Thursday .
It is also highly expected that many sections of the industry may not be fully compliant with various requirements of GST law from day 1 itself and would require a transitioning period of few months , post the go-live date , '' said Rajeev Dimri , Bmr and associates LLP leader ( indirect tax ) .
Mr. Ramakrishnudu said he would take to the notice of union finance minister Arun Jaitley , who is also chairman of the GST Council , the representations he received from various institutions , including the TTD , seeking exemption under the GST .
1:45 PM : Aiadmks g RAM RAM says Tamil Nadu is concerned about the impact GST will have on its fiscal autonomy .
While taking a number of questions on GST , Rahulgandhi told the audience that the very structure of GST is flawed .
Everyone is trying to understand what to do with the stock they bought before the GST came into effect , Mr. Goyal said .
Bengal Shadowwest Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee had said on Friday that her government would not support the new GST system in its present form and that her government would write to Jaitley to make some amendments to make it suitable for all the sections of the society .
Read more Hererahul Gandhi hits out at BJP govt over GST Billspeaking at an interaction with students in Mumbai , Congress vice president Gandhi said it was the BJP which was responsible for the GST bill being delayed for seven years , adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session , it would have to give in to their concerns .
Less than a month before the GST regime is set to kick in from July 1 , West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said her government would not support the new tax system in its present form .
From 28 % the rate of GST should be decreased to 18 % for auto parts and car accessories and 12 % for tractor parts , said Brijesh Goyal , convener of AAP 's Delhi trade wing .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today said the states are not in favour of including petrol and diesel into GST at the moment , ruling out any immediate Levy of the new indirect tax on these petroleum products .
Amrg & associates partner Rajat Mohan said the issue could be resolved if GST compliance structure is simplified and government programmes are designed to achieve a robust digital literacy in the long run '' .
They had to tell us that due to steps such as GST , their earnings have got halved in the recent time , said Gandhi , terming the initiative as Gabbar Singh tax , appealing voters to remember how they were made to stand in queue ( during Demonetization ) while casting their vote .
Ani Byraebareli : Congress president Gandhi on Saturday said that no prime minister except Narendra Modi took foolish decisions such as Demonetisation and goods and servies tax ( GST ) in the past 70 years .
Addressing a seminar on GST conducted as part of the diamond jubilee celebrations of the assembly for Mlas by the Institute of parliamentary studies and the Gulati Institute for finance and taxation here on Monday , Dr. Isaac said the state government had raised the demand at the GST council meeting .
Under GST , Papad is not being taxed at all , while spices and masalas attract 5 tax , said 75-year-old M N RAM , founder of the Karnataka state pickle manufacturers Association .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the revision in GST rates was considered after receiving several representations from trade and industry .
By Ptiwashington : Demonetisation and the goods and services tax ( GST ) are the two major headwinds that held back India 's economic growth last year , former RBI governor Raghuramrajan has said , asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country 's needs .
Mr. Ramakrishnudu said there was a reduction in effective rates on several goods under the GST , but there was no corresponding fall in the prices of goods .
While RBIs market stabilisation scheme ( MSS ) to suck the excess liquidity out of the system provided some short-lived relief to banks , the ongoing GST council meet and issues related to dual control and implementation disrupted the investors mood , '' said Vinod Nair , head of research , Geojit BNP Paribas financial services .
Making the announcement , Delhi chief minister Arvindkejriwal said , since independence , VIPs politicians and officers have been provided free electricity and water from taxpayers money .
Rajender said that while supporting the implementation of GST ( goods and services tax ) , Telangana urged the centre to exempt paddy , petrol and diesel from the new tax regime .
The proposal of the government of India to bring petroleum products under the ambit of the goods and services tax is another area of concern which would seriously diminish the limited revenue resources of the States , J.Jayalalithaa said .
Dr. Isaac , in his reply , said that price rise following the implementation of the GST regime was indeed a serious issue and that the centres attitude towards the concerns expressed by the States was very unhelpful .
After the implementation of GST , as per our initial estimation , the state may see a short fall of RS 2,900 crore in revenue , '' Ramakrishnudu told PTI '' .
Amrg & associates partner Rajat Mohan said lower claim of tax credit could be due to multiple reasons , some of which would be genuine like delay in Recording/Processing of invoices , incorrect endorsement of Gstin in Gstr -1 by supplier , among others '' .
In Bhilwara , Gandhi said Demonetisation and GST left Lakhs of people unemployed .
Amrg & associates partner Rajat Mohan said GST would make Dutyfree shops uncompetitive Via-A-Vis those situated outside the airport .
Stating that there was no proper awareness at field level on GST in spite of all the publicity glitz , Mr. Rajender said even tax consultants and officials were still in confusion on many issues .
Up chief minister Akhileshyadav said here that his party would not support the GST bill without ascertaining if its passage would result in any financial loss to the state Exchequer .
Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the GST bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the GST and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues .
( file photo ) P Chidambaram said , before the economy could recover from Demonitisation , we had this great GST .
Referring to the revised draft constitutional amendment bill on GST circulated by the central government , J.Jayalalithaa said there are number of serious concerns on the impact of proposed GST whould have on the fiscal autonomy of the States .
They have hiked excise duty on fuel , Mamatabanerjee said .
While taking a number of questions on GST , Gandhi told the audience that the very structure of GST is flawed .
Making it clear that Andhra Pradesh will not accept the proposal of cross empowerment to state officers under Igst act , aimed at excluding state authorities to adjudicate cases , if any issue relating to import or export of goods or services is involved , Yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering CST act 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage '' .
Why would we want to hike taxes and earn Brickbats when GST is likely to be implemented across the country soon ?
On Demonetisation and the GST implementations , Gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these .
Former finance minister and Congress leader P Chidambaram former finance minister and Congress leader P Chidambaramthe proposed multiple rate GST structure will be disastrous and nothing more than same old vat rates in a new shape , former finance minister P Chidambaram said on Monday .
Rajeev Dimri , leader ( indirect tax ) at Bmr & Associates , said , `` the overarching public opinion on GST is that contrary to the declared intent , it would make things more complex '' .
Capital values that are already reduced in selected locations within markets such as Delhi-Ncr , Bengaluru and Mumbai , will continue to remain under pressure in the coming quarter as the markets readjust in the post Rera and GST regime , Jain said .
In a statement , its president N. Jegatheesan and senior president S. Rethinavelu said that the trade and industry was apprehensive that when the GST was introduced under single country , single market , single tax principle , the revenue neutral rate might be fixed by individual states at a higher scale .
There is growing support of the Congress ' objections on GST , many corporates strongly support our objections , former finance minister P RAM told reporters .
On GST , Arunjaitley said if there is an intention to resolve all can be resolved .
Expressing his opinion with regard to the complexities involved in running businesses under GST laws , Chidambaram said , you cant have this fantastic nonsense of asking people to file three returns a month in every state , which means if Im doing business all over India , we have to file thousand returns .
Gandhi claimed that Lakhs of youth lost jobs because of Demonetisation and GST as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market .
Speaking to Mediapersons here on Sunday , Dr. Isaac said that GST had resulted in price hike of commodities .
That said , it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax ( GST ) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients , '' said Aashna Dodhia , economist at IHS Markit , and the author of the report .
The central government should immediately withdraw the GST on purchases made by the Sgpc and other religious institutions that are doing community service of this magnitude , '' Prithipal Singh , a devout Sikh who has been doing voluntary service at the Langar hall of the Golden temple complex in Amritsar for the past nearly a decade , told Ians .
Badungar said there were indications that the GST council would waive off the tax but the issue was not even discussed in the meeting .
Similarly , Haryana finance minister captain Abhimanyu said the GST council needed to ensure that there is no increase in the price of farm goods , which have been exempted from the new Levy .
When asked why did the Congress allow the GST bill to be passed in the Rajya Sabha if they knew it was flawed , Gandhi said , we had tried stopping .
Speaking at the meeting of group of ministers ( Gom ) on the information-technology related issues of GST in Bengaluru on Saturday , Telangana finance minister Eatala Rajender said the details of GST tax payers , particularly of those who have filed returns , were not accessible to states now .
Finance Minister Eatala Rajender said here on Tuesday that the state government will have the option of taking recourse to a legal battle against the goods and services tax if the centre was reluctant to consider its appeals to reduce the tax on its projects and schemes from 12 % to 5 % .
That said , it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax ( GST ) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients , said Aashna Dodhia , economist at IHS Markit , and the author of the report .
Chidambaram said , GST stands for Gabbar Singh tax , the rate must not be more than 18 per cent in any circumstance .
Reiterating that the GST was 'God service tax ' , Badungar said , repeated pleas before the prime minister and the union finance minister had failed to yield desired results .
Raising his pet poll issues , Gandhi said : prime minister Narendra Modi ruined the country 's economy by implementing Demonetisation and 'Gabbar Singh tax ' ( GST ) .
Therefore , excise duty collection this quarter may fall unless the government provides higher percentage of deemed credit ( currently proposed at 40 per cent of Cgst ) , Jain said .
Karnataka chief minister RAM said the GST bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the GST and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues .
Business confidence eased to the weakest since February as some firms expressed concerns over negative GST effects , '' Dodhia said .
In the backdrop of the industry 's demand to reduce the proposed GST rates of 5 per cent , 12 per cent , 18 per cent and 28 per cent after Demonetisation , Cbec chairman Najib Shah said the centre and the States collected RS 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes , minus customs duty , and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the GST regime .
The industry also expects the GST level to be rationalised to a lower level ( 28 per cent to 18 per cent ) to accommodate the downturn in sales , RAM said .
The Sangathan president Gautamkothari said , industries are already suffering due to GST and poor global market .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley could announce tax incentives for individuals and firms to boost consumer demand , amid lingering uncertainty over the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax , said one of the officials .
Claiming victory of the Congress in its opposition of the land acquisition amendment Bill moved by the centre as six out of total nine important changes were taken back , RAM said the Congress was in favour of the passage of goods and services tax ( GST ) bill , but wanted four changes in its present form .
Asked about roadblocks in implementation of GST bill , Gandhi said , it was Congress which brought in the GST legislation .
Ganesh Shirsekarcongress vice-president Gandhi said on Saturday that the GST bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with Congress support if the Narendra Modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party .
The GST policy wing is planning to come out with a circular clarifying on the zero-rating status of such duty free shops and circular may also outlay a detailed procedure of claiming refund of the taxes so paid , '' Mohan said .
A day after the GST bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill , finance minister Arunjaitley on Thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the GST since the last years budget session .
In July , firms indicated that orders , production and purchasing had been postponed due to a lack of clarity about the new tax regime , but they have now been resumed as manufacturers , suppliers and their clients have become more knowledgeable of the GST rates , '' said Pollyanna de Lima , economist at IHS Markit , in a release .
To prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax ( GST ) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration , RAM announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from RS 5 lakh turnover per year to RS 7 .
Rajat Mohan , director at tax consultant Nangia & Co , said : GST is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years .
With indication of revised implementation date of July 1 , 2017 for GST , industry gets much needed clarity and some additional time for preparation for this huge reform , said Jain , partner and leader , indirect tax , PwC .
Talking about providing relief to traders , Modi said the central government wanted the tax liability slab to be raised from RS 20 lakh to RS 75 lakh but could not do this in the last GST council meeting as some states had reservations .
Being a Delhi girl , I challenge you to fight the last two phases of the Lok Sabha elections on the issues of Demonetisation , GST , women 's security and the false promises made to people of the country , Priyanka Gandhi had said during the roadshow .
See the rationale behind passing GST , Arunjaitley said at a conclave here .
If the GST overwrites article 370 of Indian constitution or section 5 of J & K constitution ) I will not come back to this house , '' Drabu said .
As revenue secretary , Adhia 's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax Egime , evolving a Centre-States consensus on the multiple GST laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of July 1 , 2017 for the GST roll-out , Arunjaitley said .
Gst scheduled for July 1 Rolloutthe goods and services tax ( GST ) is on schedule for implementation from July 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Monday .
Tokyo , press trust of India may 8 2017 , 12:01 Istthe goods and services tax ( GST ) is on schedule for implementation Fromjuly 1And will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
On the stalled GST bill , Modi said the Congress has made it a prestige issue but expressed confidence that the evolving arithmetic in Rajya Sabha would ensure that the legislation would be passed soon .
Now it is important that supporting rules are finalised by the GST council in its next few meetings , and should be released at the earliest to enable the businesses to align their compliance and regulatory processes , Dimri said .
On the dissent by Mitra , Arunjaitley said it was confined to the extent of the 90:10 division between states and the centre , and on other issues , he was in agreement with all other GST council members .
There have been no major hiccups in the first week of goods and services tax ( GST ) rollout and things will normalise over the next three months , former economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
B'West Bengal cm Mamatabanerjee West Bengal cm Mamatabanerjee Banerjeethe West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Saturday said the Trinamool Congress party would support the central government on GST in parliament but it had some reservations about the land bill .
Replying to questions on Congress and some other parties pressing for amendments in the GST Bill and whether the government is agreeable to them , Naidu said parliament has to function even if these have to be approved .
I will still keep my fingers crossed , Arunjaitley told media persons after the GST council meet here .
If you want GST , unless we can get the states on board through some mechanism , we will have difficulties , Pranabmukherjee said .
Jaitley said big taxpayers , who make 94-95 per cent of the total taxes , will continue to file monthly returns and pay taxes on a monthly basis .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today said the goods and service tax ( GST ) has stabilised in a very short time that provides an opportunity to widen its base and further rationalise the rates in the future .
However , for real benefit of GST to be realised , it is important that supply chain bottlenecks are reduced , said Pratik Jain , partner and leader indirect tax at consulting firm PwC .
Ganesh Shirsekarcongress vice-president Rahulgandhi said on Saturday that the GST bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with Congress support if the Narendra Modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party .
Siddaramaiah also said the Congress party had not opposed GST , but had only raised questions about some of the shortcomings in the bill .
Badungar said all purchases made at these Sikh shrines should be exempted from GST and requested the union government to consider it .
But much will depend on the next three months , how the government and industry smoothen the overall transition ( to GST ) and the compliance , '' said N.R . Bhanumurthy of the National Institute of public finance and policy in Delhi .
In remarks apparently aimed at former Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan , who Friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with Demonetisation for lower GDP growth , Arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited Disruptionist impact of the tax reform .
Taking an indirect dig at Bjp-Ruled States , Siddaramaiah said as many as 24 States and one union territory have agreed to implement GST , but initially Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan were against it .
September data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the GST in July , said Aashna Dodhia , economist at IHS Markit and author of the report .
Demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and GST was a good idea implemented badly , Shashitharoor said .
The government and opposition parties were Thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister Arun Jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend Demonetisation while Congress president Gandhi said the note ban cost 1 .
Initiating the debate on the proposed legislation , Congress member Shashitharoor said his party was initially not happy with the final shape of the GST bill but went on to support it in keeping with the spirit in which the bill had been prepared by the Congress .
On the compliance burden of the GST , Arunjaitley said it was a little heavy , but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department .
In a fax message to Mr. Jaitley on Tuesday , Dr. Isaac said the tax rates of the majority of the commodities had come down on implementing GST , but traders tend to conceal it and were levying exorbitant prices and raking huge profit .
On the compliance burden of the GST , Arunjaitley said it was a little heavy but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department .
Market had started off with a positive sentiment supported by consensus over the rollout of GST , but this trend could not be continued as the investors mulled over 100 BPS cut in GDP ( forecast ) by IMF to 6.6 % in 2016-17 , said Vinod Nair , head of research , Geojit BNP Paribas financial services .
While GST is unlikely to be a positive for economic growth in the short term , Crisils RAM said the reform will improve the ease of doing business , bolster investor sentiment and lure more foreign investment in coming years .
Gandhi said , apart from fabrics import , manufacturers of fabrics are comfortable with GST rates of 5 and 12 on MMF yarn and that any increase by the government in GST rates will lead to inflation of fabric prices and the whole value chain will be disrupted .
Gandhi also said if his party comes to power , it would change the GST and abolish the 28 per cent GST slab .
Taking an indirect dig at Bjp-Ruled States , RAM said as many as 24 States and one union territory have agreed to implement GST , but initially Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan were against it .
