Notebandi ( Demonetisation ) , prohibition and goods and services tax ( GST ) were very courageous steps , but many times I feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than Demonetisation , deputy chief minister Modi said at De-Addiction day celebrations in Patna in the presence of Nitish and prohibition , excise and registration minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav .
Jairam RAM ( Congress ) said no one government can take credit for GST and quoted a conversation between Lord Krishna and Arjuna : die following your religion than following that of the other .
Returns are the soul of GST and credit is based on that , Modi said .
Govt to talk to Cong , other parties on GST : Venkaiahbengaluru , Aug 18 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 15:36 Istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with Congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the GST and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament , Union parliamentary affairs minister M Naidu said today .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Monday said the centre and states were close to completing the first stage of GST rationalisation by removing most items from the 28 slab with a convergence of the 12 and 18 bracket being the next step in the process .
On what should be the rate of GST , Arunjaitley said : the lower the better .
Siddaramaiah said he will take up the issue in the next GST council meeting .
The panel held detailed discussions with stakeholders on Tuesday and another seven days have been given for the feedback before the final draft will be sent to the GST Council , comprising union and state finance ministers , Modi said .
The cabinet today approved the draft legislation of GST and desired that we should hold a special session of the assembly starting , perhaps from the 17th ( of June ) to discuss the specific issue of extension of the GST to the state of Jammu and Kashmir , Drabu said .
Asked whether the central GST and the integrated GST bills would come up before parliament during the winter session , Arunjaitley said , that is the effort .
Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnaudu on Saturday said the state government was sparing no efforts in seeking total exemption to the TTD from the GST registration .
New Delhi : th E centre will share the draft model GST law with the States tomorrow as it prepares for the rollout of goods and services tax ( GST ) from April 1 next year , Cbec chairman Najib Shah said today .
A few days ago , finance minister Arunjaitley had said at a function in Mumbai that the stalling GST was providing sadistic pleasure to some people .
Parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the GST bill .
Jairam RAM ( Congress ) said no one government can take credit for GST .
In his meeting with top revenue department officials yesterday , Modi said the GST council would need to have intensive meetings to be able to make timely recommendations relating to its mandate , including proposals relating to model GST laws , GST rates , goods and services that may be subjected to or exempted from GST .
When asked whether the GST could be rolled out from April one , 2017 , Arunjaitley said , I am trying my best .
But I am sure as the GST experience moves on , I think , natural gas , real estate -- these are areas which are to be brought in and then probably at some stage we will keep trying for petrol , diesel and potable alcohol , Arunjaitley said .
A day after Gandhi said the GST bill will be passed in parliament in just 15 minutes with his party 's support if the Narendra Modi government accepted conditions laid down by it , parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said it was not not fair on its part to set conditions for the passage of the measure .
Prior to tabling the bill , chief minister Siddaramaiah said GST was the brainchild of the upa government , and it was started by then finance minister P Chidambaram .
Since the banking industry will also be liable to pay the goods and services tax ( GST ) , in the afternoon session the bankers will meet revenue secretary Hasmukh Adhia and other officials of certain departments of governments , Arunjaitley said .
A few days back , Drabu had said the Mehbooba mufti government is genuinely interested in building a consensus because the GST is a regime that would last for the next 30-40 years .
He said the Haryana goods and services tax act , 2017 had been passed by the Haryana Vidhan Sabha on May 4 .
In view of the unrelenting attitude of the Congress on the GST issue , finance minister Arunjaitley said , keeping this political reality in mind , cabinet committee on political affairs ( Ccpa ) decided to recommend to President to Prorogue monsoon session .
In a week , a draft will be prepared and presented before the GST Council , which will take the final call on returns simplification , Modi said , adding that till the new system is implemented , Gstr-3B summary return form will continue .
New Delhi : political resistance of some parties will not delay the goods and service tax as a constitutional embargo means the tax reform will have to roll out by September next year , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Saturday .
Efforts are on to ensure that GST is in place by the end of this session , said PM Modi .
After the passage of GST bill with voice vote , Drabu said new tax regime will roll out in the state at midnight , making J & K the last state to join the GST .
Dh Photochief minister RAM on Wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax ( GST ) from July 1 .
Talking about the new indirect tax regime , Arunjaitley said the government is fully on course to implement the goods and services tax ( GST ) by July 1 .
Assembly passes state GST Billchief minister Siddaramaiah said Karnataka is prepared to implement the GST in the state .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Shrinking Cong strength in RS will make GST happen : Jaitleynew Delhi , DEC 30 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:37 Isthitting back at Congress party 's Trinity remarks , finance minister Arunjaitley today said gods do n't vote in parliament , and GST will happen as the strength of main opposition party is shrinking in the Rajya Sabha .
On a clarification sought by Bjps Som Prakash , Amarindersingh said there would be similar waiver on the GST on Langar or Prasad for Durgiana Mandir and Bhagwan Valmiki Tirath Sthal .
Addressing the CII Delhi state annual session today , deputy chief minister Manishsisodia said he wants to set up the cell in coordination with the confederation of Indian industry ( CII ) to help small traders understand GST which is expected to come into effect from July 1 .
Thanks to all this , people are being spared tax hikes , and commodities in the state will not be dearer at least for four months before we know the new tax rates under GST , said B T Manohar , chairman of taxation committee of Federation of chambers of commerce ( Fkcci ) .
Besides , 10 taxes of state government like VAT , entry tax , luxury tax , entertainment tax etc would be included in state GST , Modi said .
Adhia said 23 types of CESs of the central government and several other kinds of CESs charged by the state government would abolish following implementation of GST .
( source : PTI photo ) parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the GST bill .
Raising voice against the proposal to exclude state authorities to adjudicate cases if any issue related to import or export of goods or services are involved is also contested under integrated GST act , Yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering CST act , 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage .
The state will receive an additional income of RS . 3,000 crore once the GST regime is implemented , finance minister T.M . Thomas Isaac has said .
Naidu , who presented a report card on the achievements of the NDA government during the last 20 months , said the centre would strive to get the Long-Pending GST bill passed in the budget session of parliament which would begin after February 20 .
The last date for GST roll out is September 15 but we are trying it from July , Arunjaitley said .
Its better late than never , said the Cmearlier in March , Amarindersingh announced waiver of the state governments 50 share in the GST on Langar at the Golden Temple , Durgiana temple , Bhagwan Valmiki Tirath and key shrines of the other communities .
Finance Minister T.M . Thomas Isaac said here on Saturday that the state government would soon develop software to be supplied free to trade and industry for GST migration .
Rajat Mohan , partner in Amrg and associates said the Cbec had in September 2017 allowed businesses to rectify errors in Gstr-3B returns while filing Gstr-1 and Gstr-2 of the same month .
Therefore , GST will have to paid only in exceptional situation where gifts are given on voluntary basis , such as Diwali gifts to employees and that too if the value is more than RS 50,000 , '' said Pratik Jain , partner and leader indirect tax at Consulancy firm PwC India .
Naidu said he even indicated that the government was willing to advance the budget session to ensure passage of the GST Bill and the real estate regulatory bill .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
The union budget 2017-18 and the working of the ministry of railways and GST bills were discussed at length , chairman Hamidansari said in his valedictory remarks before adjourning the house sine die .
Open to changes in land bill that benefit poor : Pmnew Delhi : May 28 , 2015 , Dhns 2:14 Istparties should keep aside political motives : Modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers , poor , village and nation will be accepted , Prime Minister Modi said on Wednesday asserting that along with GST bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time .
Earlier this week , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-Per-Cent or less GST slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods .
Prime Minister Modi said the GST will come to fruition on Monday , when the bill is expected to be tabled again in the Lok Sabha to discuss the amendments made by the Rajya Sabha .
As per the new circular , Mohan said `` all Rectifications can be made in the same month 's Gstr-3B and Gstr -1 '' .
Sonowal said his government will appoint nodal officers temporarily in every circle to help the taxpayers to register themselves under GST .
In the Just-Concluded session of parliament , the passage of the Constitution amendment bill for the introduction of GST amidst non-partisan and quality parliamentary deliberations is reason enough to celebrate our democratic maturity , Pranabmukherjee said in his fifth address as the president .
Kerala has asked the centre to reduce the goods and services tax ( GST ) rates for 24 items , finance minister T.M . Thomas Isaac told the assembly on Tuesday .
Prof g V RAM , professor of economics at Nitte Institute of management and former member of Karnataka state planning board said that the chief ministers budget speach clearly showed that the state is all set to implement GST from July 2017 .
The guiding principle in fixing the GST rates is that it should not exceed the combined rate of Vat+ central Excise/Service tax lest it would trigger inflation and hardship to the consumers , state finance minister RAM said in a letter to union finance minister Arun Jaitley .
Our argument is that the exemptions given in VAT be continued in the GST regime also , said finance minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu .
Gst has to be implemented latest by September 16 , 2017 , and if it is not implemented by then , then states will not be able to collect their share of taxes , and hence there is not enough scope to further delay the decision , Arunjaitley said while inaugurating the two-day economic editors conference , so far the government has been successful to resolve most of the major issues through consensus , Arunjaitley said , adding we have already sorted out 10 issues .
So , the entire cross empowerment issue was , we empower each other in case the state authorities look at Sgst issue , they also look at Cgst and vice versa , '' Shah said .
On the issue of taxation powers in offshore areas , which was raised by states in the previous GST council meeting , Arunjaitley said States will have taxation powers up to 12 nautical miles in offshore areas .
By Uninew Delhi : the GST Council of state finance ministers began on Saturday and may look into the issue of filing of returns and the refund processes for small and mid-size businesses and reach a consensus on taxation as prime minister Modi had announced that 99 per cent of 1,200 goods and services would be brought under 18 per cent slab or less .
Andhra Pradesh finance minister RAM said the GST council in the 10th meeting discussed the draft model GST law provisions and drat compensation law which are vetted by the law ministry .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Saturday said that the goods and services tax ( GST ) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the GST constitutional amendment .
Pwc India leader ( indirect tax ) Jain said , it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the Constitution amendment bill by the president , the government has approved the setting up of the GST council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley has said that the fitment will begin immediately after the March 31 , GST council meeting which will pass the last bunch of rules required for the roll out .
In a Facebook post titled 'Eighteen months of GST ' , Arunjaitley said , of the 1,216 commodities which are used , broadly 183 are taxed at zero rates , 308 at 5 per cent , 178 at 12 per cent and 517 at 18 per cent .
Without ARN , traders can not get their GST identification ( Gstin ) which is required to raise the tax invoice and Bill of sale .
Regarding GST , the finance minister said it would be an integrated tax regime which would replace 16 taxes currently being levied by the centre and the state government .
Citing that the whole process will take time till March , Arunjaitley said that July 1 will be a more realistic date to roll out GST .
Vijayawada/Hyderabad : with parliament passing the GST bill in the Just-Concluded session , Union finance minister Arunjaitley has now asked Andhra Pradesh and Telangana to ensure its early ratification .
Nangia and Co Director-Indirect taxation Rajat Mohan said return filing under GST regime would necessitate much more data in terms of invoices , debit notes and credit notes that would be matched online '' .
Once that is done , it creates conditions for implementing GST , Rajeev Dimri , leader , indirect taxes at Bmr advisors , said .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said the four bills that are crucial for the rollout of the goods and service tax ( GST ) will be introduced in the Lok Sabha by early next week and the rate structure would be worked out after March .
Gcci president Shailesh Patwari , said , Igst refunds between RS 4,000 crore and RS 5,000 crore are yet to be processed .
By tomorrow we will share the model GST law with the States which has been redrafted after taking into account the comments of stakeholders , Shah said while inaugurating the Cbec pavilion at the Iitf .
August 's PMI results showed that manufacturers in India recovered quickly from the sharp slump that followed the introduction of the goods & services tax , said Pollyanna de Lima , principal economist at IHS Markit and the author of the report .
We hope the GST council clarify this soon and till such time , we suggest the jewellers make do with a simple delivery Challan , '' said B T Manohar , chairman of taxation committee , federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce and industries .
The bills very clearly specify that GST would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex , building , civil structure or a part thereof , where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation , '' Nangia & Co director Rajat Mohan said .
Introducing four bills to give effect to the goods and services tax ( GST ) , Arunjaitley said the legislations will have to be passed by parliament and one by each of the state assemblies to turn India into one market with a single tax rate .
Rajat Mohan , director at tax consultant Nangia & Co , said : `` GST is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years .
The panel today also cleared the State-Gst ( S-Gst ) and union territory GST ( Ut-Gst ) legislations , Arunjaitley said while briefing reporters on the deliberations at the 12th meeting of the all-powerful GST Council .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said Demonetisation and GST reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms .
Dh Photochief minister Siddaramaiah on Wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax ( GST ) from July 1 .
On whether the government will be able to stick to the deadline of April 1 , 2016 for rolling out the GST , Arunjaitley said , your guess is as good as mine .
Mr. Ramakrishnudu , in the letter , said there was a reduction in effective rates of tax on several goods under the GST .
Communist Party of India-Marxist ( Cpi-M ) leader RAM said the issue of the GST bill can not be settled between the Congress and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) alone .
At a meeting organised by union finance minister Arun Jaitley on GST in New Delhi on Tuesday , Yanamala said Andhra Pradesh has been collecting VAT on the transactions taking place in the territorial waters extending up to 12 nautical miles from the coast since a long time .
B T Manohar , chairman , taxation committee , federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce and industry , said every tax invoice should provide details about Central GST ( which will be levied by the Cental government ) and Karnataka GST ( which will be levied by state government ) .
Prior to tabling the bill , chief minister RAM said GST was the brainchild of the upa government , and it was started by then finance minister P Chidambaram .
Shah said that the GST council has to take into consideration the range of products under GST and the political compulsion of every state while taxing them .
The Gom will meet one more time as there are issues to be discussed , including the benefits or losses to the Exchequer , Modi said , stating that the Gom will meet again in 10 days and finalise its view , which would then be recommended to the GST Council .
Rajeev Dimri , leader , indirect tax , Bmr and associates LLP , said , `` GST bills as passed by Lok Sabha should provide enough material to India Inc to start implementing GST for the business '' .
Finance Minister captain Abhimanyu who presented the Bill said , `` efforts were being made for the last 10-12 years in the country to implement GST but the main impediment was lack of consensus between the centre and the States '' .
The state has demanded strong action to ensure that the maximum retail price ( MRP ) of all goods is slashed while traders are introducing fresh stock to the market Post-Goods and service tax ( GST ) regime , finance minister T.M . Thomas Isaac has said .
Now the responsibility is on the Vidhan Sabha to pass the GST bill , Yogiadityanath said .
Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba mufti ( express photo by Renuka Puri ) Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba mufti ( express photo by Renuka Puri ) Jammu and Kashmir , the only state which failed to meet the June 30 timeline for the GST rollout , is likely to clear the legislation on the indirect tax regime by July 6 , its finance minister Haseeb Drabu said in New Delhi on Friday .
Drabu said the GST regime will roll out in the state at midnight , making Jammu and Kashmir the last state to join the new tax regime .
Finance Minister Y. Ramakrishnudu on Saturday said he would raise the issue of granting exemption to the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams ( TTD ) under the proposed goods and services tax ( GST ) at the GST council meeting in New Delhi on Sunday .
Former finance minister P RAM , who had set the red lines outlined by the Congress , said the Congress was yet to receive any official copy of the revised formulations from the government on the GST bill .
With regard to the goods and services tax ( GST ) , Meghwal said the government intends to implement it from April 1 .
Berlin : prime minister Modi today said India has already completed a sizable part of reforms and the historic goods and services tax ( GST ) regime will be rolled out from July .
On GST bill , RAM said the Congress wanted it to go to the select committee because certain provisions in the bill were not there when the then finance minister P RAM presented it in parliament in March 2011 .
In GST , there is no centralised exemption but if a state wants , it can refund the state GST for promoting regional cinema , Arunjaitley said .
Introducing the AP state goods and services bill 2017 , finance minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said the proposed legislation , introduced on the instructions of the GST Council which circulated a draft of the state GST , would confer powers on the state government to levy goods and services tax on the supply of goods and services or both which take place within the state .
Addressing a seminar on compliance procedures under GST organised by the Federation of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana chambers of commerce and industry ( Ftapcci ) here , Mr. Ramakrishnudu said GST had not yet been fixed for 10 commodities .
He said the government was setting up a company called Gstm , a gigantic goods and services tax platform to house all data related to it .
On the issue of review of GST rate on hybrid cars , a detailed paper will be circulated and , after taking comments from states , it will be taken up by the council later , if necessary , Arunjaitley said .
On the timing of GST implementation , Arunjaitley said the government could not have postponed it as there was a constitutional deadline .
July 1 now optimistically looks like the implementation date for GST , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters after a day-long meeting with his state counterparts at the GST Council .
Gst will put in place a state-of-the-art indirect tax system by April 1 , 2016 , Arunjaitley said on Saturday .
Dh news service , New Delhi , Jun 4 2017 , 1:19 Istgovt confident of July 1 GST Rolloutgold and silver will be taxed at 3 under the goods and services tax regime , finance ministry Arunjaitley announced after a meeting of the GST Council on Saturday .
The GST council has given an option to the states to look into the Sgst component and the state governments can take decision whether to levy or exempt it , depending on the priority of the sector , '' said B T Manohar , taxation committee chairman at Federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce and industries ( Fkcci ) .
It is a coincidence that I was the finance minister when value added tax ( VAT ) was introduced and now when GST is going to be introduced , I hold the finance portfolio , Siddaramaiah said .
Regarding GST , Jain said the government prefers to stick to the July 1 deadline for its implementation .
This loss will , however , be compensated by the government of India from the fund created under the goods and services tax ( compensation to states ) act , 2017 , Yanamala told the house .
Siddaramaiah also said since parliament has already passed GST bill , the state assembly did not have much scope to debate over it because decision-making powers are vested with the GST Council .
Reacting to the demand of opposition to bring a separate GST law for J & K , Drabu said alternative law will require amending constitution of J & K and of India .
We have sent a representation to this effect to the Council , said B T Manohar , chairman of state taxation committee of Fkcci and member of the GST advisory committee to the government of Karnataka .
Sector-Specific ups and downs may remain as GST implementation is round the corner , '' said Vinod Nair , head of research , Geojit financial services Ltd.The BSE 30-share Sensex , after opening higher , scaled a high of 31 , 229.44 , but slipped to end lower by 80.18 points , or 0.26 per cent , at 31 , 075.73 .
Capt Abhimanyu said the officers of the state excise and taxation department and the tax Research unit had identified some other dealers involved in Gst-Related fraudulent activities .
The registration certificate of the firm has already been cancelled under the Haryana GST and central GST act to prevent any further fraudulent activity by the dealer , he said .
Both the parliamentary affairs minister and myself have discussed the GST with every senior Congress leader in parliament , Arunjaitley said , asking whether Congress insistence on constitutional cap for GST was politically motivated .
The bills very clearly specify that GST would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex , building , civil structure or a part thereof , where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation , Nangia & Co director Rajat Mohan said .
While motor fuels are yet to be brought under the ambit of goods and services tax ( GST ) , the demand is that sales tax burden be reduced for now , said B T Manohar , chairman state taxation committee of Fkcci .
Tncci president Jegatheesan , in a press release , said that the apart from exempting essential commodities , there has been a proper fitment of other items under the various tax rates of 5 % , 12 % , 18 % and 28 % under GST .
The Gom has invited suggestions from industry and tax experts within a week , which will be incorporated in a report and tabled before the GST Council , Modi said .
Some major reasons for the growth could be reconciliations by businesses of outward and inward supplies , intelligent data analytics , related tax leakage detections and consequent GST payment by businesses , Abhishek Jain , tax partner , EY India , said .
B'Finance minister Arunjaitley ( Pti/File ) finance minister Arunjaitley ( Pti/File ) finance minister Arunjaitley on Saturday said government may seek voting on GST constitution amendment bill in Rajya Sabha in the monsoon session in case Congress continues to oppose the Long-Pending indirect tax law .
Today , the GST system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 items will attract the Sub-18 GST slab , Modi said at an event in Mumbai on Tuesday .
Assembly passes state GST Billchief minister RAM said Karnataka is prepared to implement the GST in the state .
While the lists are yet to be rolled out by the GST Council , all essential commodities and services , including education and health care should feature in the list of special concessional rate of 5 % ( if not zero rated ) , '' said Bmr indirect tax leader Rajeev Dimri .
Congress leader Gandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent GST .
The rates would be the big item to discuss and after that we will go on to draft rules of GST law , said Arunjaitley , adding that the discussion was inconclusive and therefore it will continue in the next meeting on 18th ( October ) .
The impact of the Demonetisation and the GST is well behind us , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday after the numbers were announced .
Enabling provisions have been made for the introduction of an Anti-Profiteering measure , wherein a mechanism may be established to monitor whether the benefit arising to industry on account of GST is passed on to the consumers , said Pratik Jain , partner and leader ( indirect tax ) at PwC .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Monday said the government could look at merging the 12 per cent and 18 per cent slabs in the GST structure and taking cement off the top bracket of 28 per cent .
So one Modi created GST , the other Modi made sure it did not happen , RAM said .
5:05Pm : the proposed tax Straucture under GST is much more complex to what we have at present , said Jain , partner and leader of indirect tax at PwC India .
Countering him , Siddaramaiah said the introduction of the state GST bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament .
In a letter to the chief ministers of all the States Wednesday , text of which was released to the media here SEP 11 , J.Jayalalithaa said : I do hope you will agree with my views that , before enactment of the constitutional amendment bill on GST is taken up , the government of India should strive for a broad consensus on the important issues relating to GST without compromising the fiscal autonomy of the States .
Chandigarh : chief minister Amarindersingh on Wednesday announced waiver of the state governments 50 share in the goods and services tax ( GST ) on community kitchen ( Langar ) at Golden Temple , Durgiana temple , Bhagwan Valmiki Tirath and key shrines of the other communities .
Former finance minister P RAM had yesterday said if the government addresses three of its fundamental concerns -- maximum GST rate should not cross 18 per cent , no additional one per cent tax and setting up of a grievance redress mechanism -- then the Congress could consider supporting its passage .
Counting on the achievements of the Modi government , RAM said that in the last five years Modi government took some major decisions like Demonetization , one rank one pension , GST , 105 reservation quota and granting benefits to 10 crore families under Ayushman Bharat Yojna .
Elaborating on the impact of GST , Drabu said that only 1,000 goods vehicles had entered J & K on July 4 as compared to 2,000 on the corresponding date last year , and that only 250 vehicles left the valley on the same day as compared to 500 last year .
The long-delayed GST constitution bill was passed by parliament on August 8 , marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister Modi said was crucial for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making consumer the king .
Non-Ac restaurants will attract a GST of 12 per cent , while the rate for AC restaurants and those with liquor licences will be 18 per cent , finance minister Arunjaitley said .
Speaking on the issue of migration of individuals from VAT to GST , Adhia said digital verification would not be required for them ( as needed for companies ) , when the next phase of migration starts from June 25 .
Since the GST bill passed by parliament can not be applicable to Jammu and Kashmir in its present form , the state government has brought a modified version of the legislation , finance minister Haseeb Drabu told reporters here after the cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Mehbooba mufti .
Adhia said whenever tax on inputs would be more than tax on finished products and services , the additional tax would be refunded to manufacturers or service providers , except textile fabric .
Addressing members of the textile industry , Smritiirani said , I had meeting with the members of the textile industry and finance minister Piyush Goyal to discuss the issue of refund of Igst .
Captain Abhimanyu said the Haryana government agreed with the empowered committee recommendation that full GST compensation be paid at least for five years through an independent mechanism , which should be in-built in the Constitution .
Badungar said the amount received towards 'Karah Parshad ' was also subjected to GST .
I hope the message would reach those who make such considerations , Babu said in an apparent reference to the Congresss negotiating team with the government on GST that comprised the Rajya Sabha members .
He said GST had been implemented in the United States already .
The guiding principle in fixing the GST rates is that it should not exceed the combined rate of Vat+ central Excise/Service tax lest it would trigger inflation and hardship to the consumers , '' state finance minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said in a letter to union finance minister Arun Jaitley '' .
Mr. Ramakrishnudu said that the issue would be raised at the GST council meeting .
Stating that he has been raising the issue that common man has been affected severely due to high tax incidence under GST on several items , Yanamala said as a result , out of 228 items under 28 % slab only 50 items will remain and all other items brought down to 18 % slab or 12 % slab .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the taxpayers with an aggregate turnover of RS 40 lakh would now be exempted from the GST .
Responding to a question of the power of the comptroller and audit general under GST , Arunjaitley said , CAG is already empowered to seek clarification from the state under CAG act , the issue did come up and it was agreed that since the law exists there is no need to for separate laws .
10 ( PTI ) : the GST Council on Friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent , Bihar deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said .
The GST council has already approved five sets of rules and regulations relating to registration , payments , refund , invoice and returns , Arunjaitley said , adding there are four others -- composition , valuation , input tax credit and transitions -- which now require a formal approval .
The GST council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the GST Council .
The government is planning a system to save Kudumbasree units from the possible fallout of the implementation of goods and services tax ( GST ) , finance minister T.M . Thomas Isaac has said .
The matter has been put on hold till GST Council decides on the issue , Modi said .
